Group : group1
 Group : group1/group2
  Module : group1/group2/jedit_1.0.0
   Package : org.gjt.sp.jedit
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.Abbrevs
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionContext
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionListHandler
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionSet
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.Autosave
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShellAction
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShellFacade
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.BufferHistory
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.Debug
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBComponent
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBPlugin
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditAction
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPlugin
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditServer
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.IPropertyManager
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.JARClassLoader
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditAbstractEditAction
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditActionContext
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditActionSet
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditBeanShellAction
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditKillRing
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditMode
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditRegisterSaver
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditRegistersListener
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.Macros
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.Marker
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.Mode
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.ModeCatalogHandler
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.OperatingSystem
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.OptionGroup
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.OptionPane
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.PerspectiveManager
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.PropertyManager
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.RegisterSaver
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.Registers
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.RegistersListener
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.ServiceListHandler
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.ServiceManager
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.SettingsReloader
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.SettingsXML
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.TextUtilities
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
   Package : org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.AbstractBrowserTask
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserCommandsMenu
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserIORequest
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserListener
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.FileCellRenderer
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.ListDirectoryBrowserTask
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTableModel
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileChooserDialog
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileNameField
   Package : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAllocationExpression
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAmbiguousName
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArguments
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArrayDimensions
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArrayInitializer
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAssignment
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHBinaryExpression
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHBlock
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHCastExpression
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHClassDeclaration
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHEnhancedForStatement
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHForStatement
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHFormalComment
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHFormalParameter
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHFormalParameters
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHIfStatement
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHImportDeclaration
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHLiteral
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHMethodDeclaration
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHMethodInvocation
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPackageDeclaration
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimaryExpression
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimarySuffix
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimitiveType
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHReturnStatement
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHReturnType
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHStatementExpressionList
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHSwitchLabel
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHSwitchStatement
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTernaryExpression
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHThrowStatement
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTryStatement
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHType
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTypedVariableDeclaration
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHUnaryExpression
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHVariableDeclarator
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHWhileStatement
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BlockNameSpace
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshClassManager
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshIterator
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Capabilities
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGenerator
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorImpl
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorUtil
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassIdentifier
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassPathException
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CollectionManager
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CommandLineReader
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ConsoleInterface
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.DelayedEvalBshMethod
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ExternalNameSpace
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.InterpreterError
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JJTParserState
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JavaCharStream
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.LHS
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Modifiers
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Name
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSource
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ParseException
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ParserConstants
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ParserTokenManager
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ParserTreeConstants
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Reflect
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ReflectError
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ReflectManager
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Remote
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ReturnControl
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.StringUtil
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.TargetError
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.This
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Token
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.TokenMgrError
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Types
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilTargetError
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Variable
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.XThis
   Package : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.classpath
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.classpath.BshClassLoader
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.classpath.BshClassPath
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.classpath.ClassManagerImpl
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.classpath.ClassPathListener
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.classpath.DiscreteFilesClassLoader
   Package : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.collection
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.collection.CollectionIterator
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.collection.CollectionManagerImpl
   Package : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.commands
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.commands.dir
   Package : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.ByteVector
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.ClassVisitor
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.ClassWriter
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.CodeVisitor
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.CodeWriter
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.Constants
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.Edge
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.Item
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.Label
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.Type
   Package : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.reflect
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.reflect.ReflectManagerImpl
   Package : org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.BufferAdapter
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.BufferChangeAdapter
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.BufferChangeListener
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.BufferListener
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.BufferSegment
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.BufferUndoListener
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.ContentManager
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.DefaultFoldHandlerProvider
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.DummyFoldHandler
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.ExplicitFoldHandler
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.FoldHandler
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.FoldHandlerProvider
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.IndentFoldHandler
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.KillRing
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.LineManager
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.PositionManager
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.UndoManager
   Package : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferAutosaveRequest
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferIORequest
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferInsertRequest
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferLoadRequest
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferSaveRequest
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.MarkersSaveRequest
   Package : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSet
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSetAdapter
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSetListener
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSetManager
   Package : org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.JEditDataFlavor
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.JEditRichText
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.JEditTransferable
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.JEditTransferableService
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.ListVFSFileTransferable
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.RichJEditTextTransferableService
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.RichTextTransferable
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.StringTransferableService
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.TransferHandler
   Package : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbbrevEditor
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AboutDialog
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbstractContextOptionPane
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ActionBar
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AddAbbrevDialog
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AnimatedIcon
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BeanShellErrorDialog
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BufferOptions
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BufferSwitcher
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CloseDialog
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ColorWellButton
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CompleteWord
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CompletionPopup
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ContextAddDialog
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DefaultFocusComponent
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DefaultInputHandler
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableLayout
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockablePanel
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindow
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowContainer
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowFactory
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManager
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerImpl
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerProvider
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockingFrameworkProvider
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockingLayoutManager
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DynamicContextMenuService
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EditAbbrevDialog
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EnhancedButton
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EnhancedDialog
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ErrorListDialog
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ExtendedGridLayout
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ExtendedGridLayoutConstraints
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilePropertiesDialog
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilesChangedDialog
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilteredListModel
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilteredTableModel
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FloatingWindowContainer
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FontSelector
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FontSelectorDialog
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.GrabKeyDialog
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryModel
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryModelSaver
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryText
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryTextArea
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryTextField
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.IOProgressMonitor
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.InputHandler
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.JCheckBoxList
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.JEditHistoryModelSaver
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.KeyEventTranslator
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.KeyEventWorkaround
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ListModelEditor
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.MarkerViewer
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.MutableListModel
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.NumericTextField
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PanelWindowContainer
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteFromListDialog
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteSpecialDialog
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PingPongList
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RegisterViewer
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RolloverButton
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.SelectLineRange
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ShortcutPrefixActiveEvent
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.SplashScreen
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StyleEditor
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TaskMonitor
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TextAreaDialog
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TipOfTheDay
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ToolBarManager
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.VariableGridLayout
   Package : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.BufferSetWidgetFactory
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ClockWidgetFactory
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.EncodingWidgetFactory
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ErrorsWidgetFactory
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.FoldWidgetFactory
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.LineSepWidgetFactory
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.MemoryStatusWidgetFactory
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ModeWidgetFactory
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.MultiSelectWidgetFactory
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.OverwriteWidgetFactory
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.RectSelectWidgetFactory
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.SelectionLengthWidgetFactory
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.StatusWidgetFactory
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ToolTipLabel
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.Widget
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.WrapWidgetFactory
   Package : org.gjt.sp.jedit.help
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpHistoryModel
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpHistoryModelListener
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpIndex
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpSearchPanel
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpTOCPanel
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewer
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewerInterface
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HistoryButton
   Package : org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.BracketIndentRule
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.CloseBracketIndentRule
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.DeepIndentRule
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.IndentAction
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.IndentRule
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.IndentRuleFactory
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.OpenBracketIndentRule
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.RegexpIndentRule
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.WhitespaceRule
   Package : org.gjt.sp.jedit.input
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.AbstractInputHandler
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.DefaultInputHandlerProvider
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.InputHandlerProvider
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.TextAreaInputHandler
   Package : org.gjt.sp.jedit.io
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.AutoDetection
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.CharsetEncoding
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.CopyFileWorker
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.Encoding
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.EncodingDetector
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.EncodingServer
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.EncodingWithBOM
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FavoritesVFS
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FileRootsVFS
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FileVFS
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.GlobVFSFileFilter
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.RegexEncodingDetector
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.UrlVFS
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFileFilter
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.XMLEncodingDetector
   Package : org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.DirectoryProvider
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.DynamicMenuProvider
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedCheckBoxMenuItem
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedMenu
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedMenuItem
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.FavoritesProvider
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.MacrosProvider
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.MarkersProvider
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.MenuItemTextComparator
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.PluginsProvider
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.RecentDirectoriesProvider
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.RecentFilesProvider
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.ReloadWithEncodingProvider
   Package : org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.BufferChanging
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.BufferUpdate
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.DockableWindowUpdate
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.DynamicMenuChanged
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.EditPaneUpdate
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.EditorExitRequested
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.EditorExiting
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.EditorStarted
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PluginUpdate
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PositionChanging
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PropertiesChanged
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PropertiesChanging
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.RegisterChanged
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.SearchSettingsChanged
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.VFSPathSelected
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.VFSUpdate
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.ViewUpdate
   Package : org.gjt.sp.jedit.options
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AbbrevsOptionPane
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AppearanceOptionPane
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BrowserColorsOptionPane
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BrowserOptionPane
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BufferOptionPane
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ContextOptionPane
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.DockingOptionPane
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.EditingOptionPane
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.EncodingsOptionPane
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.FirewallOptionPane
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GeneralOptionPane
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GlobalOptions
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GutterOptionPane
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.IconTheme
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.MouseOptionPane
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginManagerOptionPane
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginOptions
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PrintOptionPane
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SaveBackupOptionPane
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ShortcutsOptionPane
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.StatusBarOptionPane
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SyntaxHiliteOptionPane
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.TextAreaOptionPane
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ViewOptionPane
   Package : org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.KeyboardCommand
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.MirrorList
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.MirrorListHandler
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginDetailPanel
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginList
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginListHandler
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManager
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManagerProgress
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.Roster
   Package : org.gjt.sp.jedit.print
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrintable
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrinter1_3
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrinter1_4
   Package : org.gjt.sp.jedit.proto.jeditresource
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.proto.jeditresource.Handler
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.proto.jeditresource.PluginResURLConnection
   Package : org.gjt.sp.jedit.search
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.AllBufferSet
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.BoyerMooreSearchMatcher
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.BufferListSet
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.CurrentBufferSet
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.DirectoryListSet
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchFileNode
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchFolderNode
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchNode
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchOperationNode
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchRequest
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResult
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchTreeNodeCallback
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.PatternSearchMatcher
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchBar
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchFileSet
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchMatcher
   Package : org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Chunk
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.DefaultTokenHandler
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.DisplayTokenHandler
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.DummyTokenHandler
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.KeywordMap
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ModeProvider
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ParserRule
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ParserRuleSet
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.SyntaxStyle
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.SyntaxUtilities
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Token
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenHandler
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenMarker
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.XModeHandler
   Package : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Anchor
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.AntiAlias
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.BufferHandler
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ChunkCache
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.CircleFoldPainter
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.DisplayManager
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ExtensionManager
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.FirstLine
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.FoldPainter
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.GutterPopupHandler
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.InputMethodSupport
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditEmbeddedTextArea
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.MouseActions
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.MouseActionsProvider
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.MouseHandler
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.RangeMap
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ScreenLineManager
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ScrollLayout
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ScrollLineCount
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ScrollListener
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Selection
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.SelectionManager
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ShapedFoldPainter
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.SquareFoldPainter
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StatusListener
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StructureMatcher
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaBorder
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaDropHandler
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaException
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaExtension
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaMouseHandler
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaTransferHandler
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TriangleFoldPainter
   Package : org.gjt.sp.jedit.visitors
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.visitors.JEditVisitor
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.visitors.JEditVisitorAdapter
    Type : org.gjt.sp.jedit.visitors.SaveCaretInfoVisitor
   Package : org.gjt.sp.util
    Type : org.gjt.sp.util.HtmlUtilities
    Type : org.gjt.sp.util.IOUtilities
    Type : org.gjt.sp.util.IntegerArray
    Type : org.gjt.sp.util.Log
    Type : org.gjt.sp.util.ProgressObserver
    Type : org.gjt.sp.util.PropertiesBean
    Type : org.gjt.sp.util.ReadWriteLock
    Type : org.gjt.sp.util.ReverseCharSequence
    Type : org.gjt.sp.util.SegmentBuffer
    Type : org.gjt.sp.util.SegmentCharSequence
    Type : org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
    Type : org.gjt.sp.util.StringList
    Type : org.gjt.sp.util.SyntaxUtilities
    Type : org.gjt.sp.util.Task
    Type : org.gjt.sp.util.TaskListener
    Type : org.gjt.sp.util.TaskManager
    Type : org.gjt.sp.util.ThreadAbortMonitor
    Type : org.gjt.sp.util.ThreadUtilities
    Type : org.gjt.sp.util.WorkRequest
    Type : org.gjt.sp.util.WorkThread
    Type : org.gjt.sp.util.WorkThreadPool
    Type : org.gjt.sp.util.WorkThreadProgressListener
    Type : org.gjt.sp.util.XMLUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Abbrevs -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Abbrevs -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Abbrevs -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Mode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Abbrevs -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.TextUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Abbrevs -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Abbrevs -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AddAbbrevDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Abbrevs -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Abbrevs -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Abbrevs -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Abbrevs -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JSeparator
org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.OptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionContext -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionContext -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionContext -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditAbstractEditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionContext -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditActionContext
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionContext -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditActionSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionListHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditAbstractEditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionListHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditActionSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionListHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionListHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.XMLUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionListHandler -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.Attributes
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionListHandler -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.InputSource
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionListHandler -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.helpers.DefaultHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShellAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditAbstractEditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditActionSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.InputHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.AbstractInputHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Autosave -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Timer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Autosave -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Autosave -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.PerspectiveManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Autosave -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Autosave -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShellFacade
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JARClassLoader
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Macros
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshClassManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BeanShellErrorDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.InputHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Selection
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShellAction -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShellAction -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShellAction -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShellAction -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShellAction -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShellAction -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShellAction -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShellAction -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BeanShellErrorDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShellAction -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShellAction -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShellFacade -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Debug
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShellFacade -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshClassManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShellFacade -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShellFacade -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShellFacade -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShellFacade -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShellFacade -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShellFacade -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShellFacade -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShellFacade -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.TargetError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShellFacade -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShellFacade -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.classpath.ClassManagerImpl
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShellFacade -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShellFacade -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.AttributeSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Segment
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Marker
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Mode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.BufferChangeListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.BufferListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.BufferUndoListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.FoldHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.UndoManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferAutosaveRequest
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferIORequest
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.MarkersSaveRequest
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StyleEditor
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FileVFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.BufferUpdate
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GeneralOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.DefaultTokenHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ModeProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ParserRuleSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Token
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.visitors.JEditVisitor
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.visitors.JEditVisitorAdapter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.visitors.SaveCaretInfoVisitor
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.IntegerArray
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Task
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.ThreadUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BufferHistory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BufferHistory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BufferHistory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BufferHistory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.SettingsXML
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BufferHistory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BufferHistory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.DynamicMenuChanged
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BufferHistory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Selection
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BufferHistory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.IOUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BufferHistory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BufferHistory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.XMLUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BufferHistory -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.InputSource
org.gjt.sp.jedit.BufferHistory -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.helpers.DefaultHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Debug -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.OperatingSystem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBComponent -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBPlugin -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBPlugin -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBPlugin -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBPlugin -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPlugin
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBPlugin -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditAction -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionContext
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditAction -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditAction -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditAbstractEditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditAction -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditAction -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditAction -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Debug
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.TransferHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.MouseInputAdapter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.BufferHistory
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Marker
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Mode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSetListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSetManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BufferSwitcher
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.BufferChanging
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.BufferUpdate
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.EditPaneUpdate
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PropertiesChanged
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GutterOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.SyntaxStyle
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.AntiAlias
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.FoldPainter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.GutterPopupHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.MouseHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Selection
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StatusListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaExtension
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaTransferHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.SyntaxUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.ThreadUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPlugin -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenuItem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPlugin -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionContext
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPlugin -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPlugin -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPlugin -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPlugin -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPlugin -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPlugin -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedMenu
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPlugin -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditServer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditServer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditServer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditServer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.OperatingSystem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditServer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.PerspectiveManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditServer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditServer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditServer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditServer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FileVFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditServer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditServer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ImageIcon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenu
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenuBar
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenuItem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPopupMenu
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JSplitPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JToolBar
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListSelectionModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionContext
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Debug
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.OperatingSystem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ServiceManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileChooserDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerImpl
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DynamicContextMenuService
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EnhancedButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FloatingWindowContainer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.SplashScreen
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.VariableGridLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedCheckBoxMenuItem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedMenu
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedMenuItem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.SyntaxStyle
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaMouseHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.SyntaxUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JARClassLoader -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPlugin
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JARClassLoader -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JARClassLoader -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JARClassLoader -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JARClassLoader -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditActionContext -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditAbstractEditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditActionContext -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditActionSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditActionContext -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditActionSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionListHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditActionSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditAbstractEditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditActionSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditActionContext
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditActionSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditBeanShellAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditActionSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.AbstractInputHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditActionSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.InputHandlerProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditActionSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditActionSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.XMLUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditActionSet -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.helpers.DefaultHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditBeanShellAction -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShellFacade
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditBeanShellAction -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditAbstractEditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditBeanShellAction -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditBeanShellAction -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditBeanShellAction -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditBeanShellAction -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditBeanShellAction -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditBeanShellAction -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditKillRing -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.SettingsXML
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditKillRing -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.KillRing
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditKillRing -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditKillRing -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.IOUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditKillRing -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditKillRing -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.XMLUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditKillRing -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.Attributes
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditKillRing -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.InputSource
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditKillRing -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.helpers.DefaultHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditMode -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Mode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditMode -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditMode -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenMarker
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditMode -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditRegisterSaver -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.RegisterSaver
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditRegisterSaver -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Registers
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditRegisterSaver -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.SettingsXML
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditRegisterSaver -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditRegisterSaver -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.IOUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditRegisterSaver -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditRegisterSaver -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.XMLUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditRegisterSaver -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.Attributes
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditRegisterSaver -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.InputSource
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditRegisterSaver -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.helpers.DefaultHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditRegistersListener -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditRegistersListener -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditRegistersListener -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditRegistersListener -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.RegistersListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditRegistersListener -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.RegisterChanged
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Macros -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Macros -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JFileChooser
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Macros -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Macros -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Macros -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Macros -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Macros -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Macros -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Macros -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Macros -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Macros -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Macros -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Macros -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Macros -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Macros -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.BufferUpdate
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Macros -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.DynamicMenuChanged
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Macros -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Macros -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Marker -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Position
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Marker -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenuItem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Segment
org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.OperatingSystem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR
org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.AutoDetection
org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.EncodingServer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.UrlVFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.MenuItemTextComparator
org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.IOUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.ProgressObserver
org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.XMLUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.InputSource
org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.helpers.DefaultHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Mode -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.TextUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Mode -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.DeepIndentRule
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Mode -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.IndentRule
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Mode -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.IndentRuleFactory
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Mode -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.WhitespaceRule
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Mode -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ModeProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Mode -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenMarker
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Mode -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Mode -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ModeCatalogHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ModeCatalogHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Mode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ModeCatalogHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ModeCatalogHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ModeProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ModeCatalogHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ModeCatalogHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.XMLUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ModeCatalogHandler -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.Attributes
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ModeCatalogHandler -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.InputSource
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ModeCatalogHandler -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.helpers.DefaultHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.OperatingSystem -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.LookAndFeel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.OperatingSystem -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.UIManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.OperatingSystem -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.OptionGroup -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.OptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.OptionGroup -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PerspectiveManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PerspectiveManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PerspectiveManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.SettingsXML
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PerspectiveManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PerspectiveManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PerspectiveManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockingFrameworkProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PerspectiveManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PerspectiveManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.IOUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PerspectiveManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PerspectiveManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.XMLUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PerspectiveManager -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.Attributes
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PerspectiveManager -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.InputSource
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PerspectiveManager -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.helpers.DefaultHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionContext
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBPlugin
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPlugin
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JARClassLoader
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditActionSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ServiceManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.DummyFoldHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.FoldHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowFactory
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PluginUpdate
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PropertiesChanged
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.IOUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Registers -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Mode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Registers -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.RegisterSaver
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Registers -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.RegistersListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Registers -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Registers -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.JEditDataFlavor
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Registers -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.JEditRichText
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Registers -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.TransferHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Registers -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Registers -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Selection
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Registers -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.Registers -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ServiceListHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ServiceListHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ServiceManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ServiceListHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ServiceListHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.XMLUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ServiceListHandler -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.Attributes
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ServiceListHandler -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.InputSource
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ServiceListHandler -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.helpers.DefaultHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ServiceManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ServiceManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ServiceManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ServiceListHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ServiceManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ServiceManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ServiceManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.FoldHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ServiceManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.FoldHandlerProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ServiceManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ServiceManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ServiceManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.XMLUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.ServiceManager -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.helpers.DefaultHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.SettingsReloader -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.SettingsReloader -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Macros
org.gjt.sp.jedit.SettingsReloader -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.SettingsReloader -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.SettingsReloader -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.SettingsReloader -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.SettingsReloader -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.VFSUpdate
org.gjt.sp.jedit.SettingsReloader -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.DirectoryListSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.SettingsReloader -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.SettingsReloader -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchFileSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.SettingsXML -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.SettingsXML -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.SettingsXML -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.XMLUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.SettingsXML -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.helpers.DefaultHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.TextUtilities -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Segment
org.gjt.sp.jedit.TextUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.TextUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.DefaultTokenHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.TextUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Token
org.gjt.sp.jedit.TextUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.TextUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JFrame
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenu
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenuBar
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenuItem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JRootPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JSplitPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.LayoutFocusTraversalPolicy
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.MenuSelectionManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.CaretEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.CaretListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Debug
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Macros
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.OperatingSystem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.PerspectiveManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ServiceManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSetManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ActionBar
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CloseDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DefaultInputHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowFactory
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockingFrameworkProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryTextField
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.InputHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ToolBarManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.VariableGridLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.AbstractInputHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.InputHandlerProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.BufferUpdate
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.EditPaneUpdate
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PropertiesChanged
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.SearchSettingsChanged
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.ViewUpdate
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GeneralOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.CurrentBufferSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchBar
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchFileSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ScrollListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.visitors.JEditVisitor
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.visitors.JEditVisitorAdapter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.View -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.AbstractBrowserTask -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.AbstractBrowserTask -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.AbstractBrowserTask -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Task
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.AbstractBrowserTask -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.TaskListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.AbstractBrowserTask -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.TaskManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.AbstractBrowserTask -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.ThreadUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserCommandsMenu -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.AbstractButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserCommandsMenu -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ButtonGroup
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserCommandsMenu -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserCommandsMenu -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserCommandsMenu -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenu
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserCommandsMenu -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenuItem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserCommandsMenu -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPopupMenu
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserCommandsMenu -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JRadioButtonMenuItem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserCommandsMenu -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionContext
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserCommandsMenu -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserCommandsMenu -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserCommandsMenu -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserCommandsMenu -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserCommandsMenu -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserCommandsMenu -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserCommandsMenu -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserCommandsMenu -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserCommandsMenu -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.MenuItemTextComparator
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserIORequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.OperatingSystem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserIORequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserIORequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserIORequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserIORequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserIORequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserIORequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserIORequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.WorkRequest
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserIORequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.WorkThread
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserListener -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserListener -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.DefaultListCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.DefaultListModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPopupMenu
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JSplitPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JViewport
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListSelectionModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.UIManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.PopupMenuEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.PopupMenuListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionContext
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditAbstractEditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.TextUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserCommandsMenu
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.FileCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.ListDirectoryBrowserTask
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTableModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FavoritesVFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FileRootsVFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FileVFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Task
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.ThreadUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.FileCellRenderer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.FileCellRenderer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTable
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.FileCellRenderer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.UIManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.FileCellRenderer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.FileCellRenderer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.FileCellRenderer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.DefaultTableCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.FileCellRenderer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.FileCellRenderer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.FileCellRenderer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.FileCellRenderer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTableModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.FileCellRenderer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.FileCellRenderer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.ListDirectoryBrowserTask -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.AbstractBrowserTask
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.ListDirectoryBrowserTask -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.ListDirectoryBrowserTask -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.ListDirectoryBrowserTask -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.ListDirectoryBrowserTask -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.ListDirectoryBrowserTask -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.ListDirectoryBrowserTask -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ComboBoxEditor
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.DefaultListCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JCheckBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComboBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenu
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenuItem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPopupMenu
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JToolBar
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.LayoutFocusTraversalPolicy
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.EventListenerList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Caret
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionContext
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPlugin
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditAbstractEditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditActionSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.OperatingSystem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ServiceManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserCommandsMenu
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserIORequest
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.FileCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTableModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DefaultFocusComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindow
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilePropertiesDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryTextField
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RolloverButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FavoritesVFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FileRootsVFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.GlobVFSFileFilter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFileFilter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.MenuItemTextComparator
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.BufferUpdate
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PluginUpdate
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PropertiesChanged
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.VFSUpdate
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.DirectoryListSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchFileSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTable
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListSelectionModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Timer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ChangeEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ListSelectionEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.MouseInputAdapter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.TableColumnModelEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.TableColumnModelListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.DefaultTableCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.JTableHeader
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableColumn
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableColumnModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionContext
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditAbstractEditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.FileCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTableModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.VFSPathSelected
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.ThreadUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTableModel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.AbstractTableModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTableModel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTableModel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FileVFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTableModel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTableModel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTableModel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTableModel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTableModel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTableModel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileChooserDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileChooserDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileChooserDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileChooserDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileChooserDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileChooserDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileChooserDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileChooserDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JRootPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileChooserDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.LayoutFocusTraversalPolicy
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileChooserDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileChooserDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileChooserDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileChooserDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileChooserDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileChooserDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileChooserDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileChooserDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileChooserDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileChooserDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileNameField
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileChooserDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileChooserDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EnhancedDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileChooserDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FileVFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileChooserDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileChooserDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileChooserDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileChooserDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileChooserDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.WorkThreadPool
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileChooserDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.WorkThreadProgressListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileNameField -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileNameField -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.BrowserView
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileNameField -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileNameField -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSDirectoryEntryTable
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileNameField -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryTextField
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileNameField -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileNameField -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileNameField -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileNameField -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAllocationExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAmbiguousName
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAllocationExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArguments
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAllocationExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArrayDimensions
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAllocationExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHBlock
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAllocationExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimitiveType
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAllocationExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAllocationExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGenerator
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAllocationExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassIdentifier
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAllocationExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAllocationExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAllocationExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Modifiers
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAllocationExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Name
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAllocationExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAllocationExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAllocationExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAllocationExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Reflect
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAllocationExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ReflectError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAllocationExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAllocationExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.TargetError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAllocationExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.This
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAllocationExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAmbiguousName -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAmbiguousName -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAmbiguousName -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAmbiguousName -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.InterpreterError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAmbiguousName -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.LHS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAmbiguousName -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Name
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAmbiguousName -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAmbiguousName -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAmbiguousName -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArguments -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArguments -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArguments -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArguments -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArguments -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArguments -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArrayDimensions -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArrayInitializer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArrayDimensions -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArrayDimensions -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArrayDimensions -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArrayDimensions -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArrayDimensions -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArrayDimensions -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Reflect
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArrayDimensions -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArrayDimensions -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArrayInitializer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArrayInitializer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArrayInitializer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArrayInitializer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArrayInitializer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArrayInitializer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Reflect
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArrayInitializer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArrayInitializer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Types
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArrayInitializer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAssignment -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimaryExpression
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAssignment -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAssignment -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAssignment -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAssignment -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.InterpreterError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAssignment -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.LHS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAssignment -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAssignment -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ParserConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAssignment -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAssignment -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAssignment -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHBinaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHType
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHBinaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHBinaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHBinaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHBinaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHBinaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ParserConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHBinaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHBinaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHBinaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Types
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHBinaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHBlock -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHClassDeclaration
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHBlock -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BlockNameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHBlock -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHBlock -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHBlock -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHBlock -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHBlock -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHBlock -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHBlock -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ReturnControl
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHBlock -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHCastExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHType
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHCastExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHCastExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHCastExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHCastExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHCastExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHCastExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHCastExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Types
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHCastExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHClassDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAmbiguousName
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHClassDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHBlock
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHClassDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHClassDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGenerator
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHClassDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHClassDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHClassDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Modifiers
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHClassDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHClassDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ParserTreeConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHClassDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHClassDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHEnhancedForStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHType
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHEnhancedForStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BlockNameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHEnhancedForStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshIterator
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHEnhancedForStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHEnhancedForStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CollectionManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHEnhancedForStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHEnhancedForStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHEnhancedForStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Modifiers
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHEnhancedForStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHEnhancedForStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHEnhancedForStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ParserConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHEnhancedForStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHEnhancedForStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ReturnControl
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHEnhancedForStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHEnhancedForStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHForStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHIfStatement
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHForStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BlockNameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHForStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHForStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHForStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHForStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHForStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHForStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ParserConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHForStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHForStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ReturnControl
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHForStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHFormalComment -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHFormalComment -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHFormalComment -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHFormalComment -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHFormalComment -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHFormalParameter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHType
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHFormalParameter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHFormalParameter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHFormalParameter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHFormalParameter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHFormalParameter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHFormalParameters -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHFormalParameter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHFormalParameters -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHFormalParameters -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHFormalParameters -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHFormalParameters -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHFormalParameters -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHIfStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHIfStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHIfStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHIfStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHIfStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHIfStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ReturnControl
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHIfStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHImportDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAmbiguousName
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHImportDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHImportDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHImportDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHImportDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHImportDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHImportDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHImportDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHImportDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHLiteral -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHLiteral -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHLiteral -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHLiteral -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.InterpreterError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHLiteral -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHLiteral -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHMethodDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAmbiguousName
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHMethodDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHBlock
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHMethodDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHFormalParameters
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHMethodDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHReturnType
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHMethodDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHMethodDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHMethodDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHMethodDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHMethodDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Modifiers
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHMethodDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHMethodDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHMethodDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHMethodDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHMethodDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHMethodInvocation -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAmbiguousName
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHMethodInvocation -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArguments
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHMethodInvocation -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHMethodInvocation -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHMethodInvocation -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHMethodInvocation -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Name
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHMethodInvocation -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHMethodInvocation -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHMethodInvocation -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHMethodInvocation -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ReflectError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHMethodInvocation -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHMethodInvocation -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.TargetError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHMethodInvocation -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPackageDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAmbiguousName
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPackageDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPackageDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPackageDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPackageDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPackageDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPackageDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPackageDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAmbiguousName
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimarySuffix
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.LHS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimarySuffix -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAmbiguousName
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimarySuffix -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArguments
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimarySuffix -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHType
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimarySuffix -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimarySuffix -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CollectionManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimarySuffix -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimarySuffix -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimarySuffix -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.InterpreterError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimarySuffix -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.LHS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimarySuffix -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimarySuffix -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimarySuffix -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimarySuffix -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Reflect
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimarySuffix -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ReflectError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimarySuffix -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimarySuffix -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.TargetError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimarySuffix -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Types
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimarySuffix -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimarySuffix -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilTargetError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimitiveType -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHReturnStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHReturnStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHReturnStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHReturnStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHReturnStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ParserConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHReturnStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHReturnStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ReturnControl
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHReturnStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHReturnType -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHType
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHReturnType -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHReturnType -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHReturnType -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHReturnType -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHReturnType -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHStatementExpressionList -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHStatementExpressionList -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHStatementExpressionList -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHStatementExpressionList -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHStatementExpressionList -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHStatementExpressionList -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHSwitchLabel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHSwitchLabel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHSwitchLabel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHSwitchLabel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHSwitchLabel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHSwitchStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHSwitchLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHSwitchStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHSwitchStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHSwitchStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHSwitchStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHSwitchStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ParserConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHSwitchStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHSwitchStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ReturnControl
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHSwitchStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHSwitchStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTernaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHIfStatement
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTernaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTernaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTernaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTernaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTernaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHThrowStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHThrowStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHThrowStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHThrowStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHThrowStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHThrowStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.TargetError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTryStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHBlock
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTryStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHFormalParameter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTryStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BlockNameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTryStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTryStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTryStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTryStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.InterpreterError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTryStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Modifiers
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTryStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTryStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTryStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTryStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ReturnControl
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTryStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTryStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.TargetError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTryStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Types
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTryStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHType -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAmbiguousName
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHType -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimitiveType
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHType -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshClassManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHType -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHType -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHType -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHType -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Name
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHType -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHType -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTypedVariableDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHType
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTypedVariableDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHVariableDeclarator
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTypedVariableDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTypedVariableDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTypedVariableDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTypedVariableDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Modifiers
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTypedVariableDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTypedVariableDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTypedVariableDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTypedVariableDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTypedVariableDeclaration -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHUnaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimaryExpression
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHUnaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHUnaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHUnaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHUnaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.InterpreterError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHUnaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.LHS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHUnaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHUnaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ParserConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHUnaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHUnaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHUnaryExpression -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHVariableDeclarator -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArrayInitializer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHVariableDeclarator -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHType
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHVariableDeclarator -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHVariableDeclarator -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHVariableDeclarator -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHVariableDeclarator -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHVariableDeclarator -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHVariableDeclarator -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHWhileStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHIfStatement
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHWhileStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHWhileStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHWhileStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHWhileStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHWhileStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ParserConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHWhileStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHWhileStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ReturnControl
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHWhileStatement -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BlockNameSpace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BlockNameSpace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BlockNameSpace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BlockNameSpace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BlockNameSpace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.This
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BlockNameSpace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BlockNameSpace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Variable
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshClassManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Capabilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshClassManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshClassManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshClassManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.InterpreterError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshClassManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Name
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshClassManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHBlock
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHFormalParameters
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHMethodDeclaration
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.InterpreterError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Modifiers
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ParserConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Reflect
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ReflectError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ReturnControl
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.StringUtil
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.TargetError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.This
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Types
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.InterpreterError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Capabilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGenerator -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHBlock
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGenerator -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshClassManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGenerator -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGenerator -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Capabilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGenerator -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGenerator -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGenerator -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Modifiers
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGenerator -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGenerator -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ReflectError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGenerator -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHBlock
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHClassDeclaration
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHFormalParameters
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHMethodDeclaration
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHReturnType
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTypedVariableDeclaration
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHVariableDeclarator
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshClassManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Capabilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGenerator
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorUtil
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.DelayedEvalBshMethod
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.InterpreterError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.LHS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Modifiers
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Reflect
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ReflectError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.This
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Types
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Variable
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorUtil -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAmbiguousName
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorUtil -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArguments
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorUtil -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHBlock
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorUtil -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHMethodInvocation
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorUtil -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimaryExpression
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorUtil -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHType
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorUtil -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshClassManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorUtil -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorUtil -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorUtil -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorImpl
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorUtil -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.DelayedEvalBshMethod
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorUtil -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorUtil -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorUtil -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.InterpreterError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorUtil -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.LHS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorUtil -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Modifiers
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorUtil -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorUtil -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorUtil -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorUtil -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Reflect
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorUtil -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ReflectError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorUtil -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorUtil -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.TargetError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorUtil -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.This
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorUtil -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Types
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorUtil -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorUtil -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Variable
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorUtil -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.ClassWriter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorUtil -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.CodeVisitor
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorUtil -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.Constants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorUtil -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.Label
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGeneratorUtil -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.Type
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassPathException -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CollectionManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshIterator
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CollectionManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Capabilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CollectionManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.DelayedEvalBshMethod -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHBlock
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.DelayedEvalBshMethod -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHFormalParameters
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.DelayedEvalBshMethod -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHReturnType
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.DelayedEvalBshMethod -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.DelayedEvalBshMethod -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.DelayedEvalBshMethod -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.DelayedEvalBshMethod -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.DelayedEvalBshMethod -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.InterpreterError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.DelayedEvalBshMethod -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Modifiers
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.DelayedEvalBshMethod -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ExternalNameSpace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ExternalNameSpace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.InterpreterError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ExternalNameSpace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Modifiers
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ExternalNameSpace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ExternalNameSpace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ExternalNameSpace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ExternalNameSpace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Variable
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshClassManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CommandLineReader
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ConsoleInterface
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.InterpreterError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JJTParserState
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JavaCharStream
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.LHS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Name
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ParseException
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Reflect
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ReturnControl
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.TargetError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.This
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.TokenMgrError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JJTParserState -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.AncestorEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.AncestorListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.CaretEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.CaretListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.CellEditorListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ChangeEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ChangeListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.DocumentEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.DocumentListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.HyperlinkEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.HyperlinkListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.InternalFrameEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.InternalFrameListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ListDataEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ListDataListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ListSelectionEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ListSelectionListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.MenuDragMouseEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.MenuDragMouseListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.MenuEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.MenuKeyEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.MenuKeyListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.MenuListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.MouseInputListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.PopupMenuEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.PopupMenuListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.TableColumnModelEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.TableColumnModelListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.TableModelEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.TableModelListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.TreeExpansionEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.TreeExpansionListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.TreeModelEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.TreeModelListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.TreeSelectionEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.TreeSelectionListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.TreeWillExpandListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.UndoableEditEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.UndoableEditListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.This
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JThis -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.LHS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Capabilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.LHS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CollectionManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.LHS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.LHS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.InterpreterError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.LHS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.LHS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ParserConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.LHS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.LHS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Reflect
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.LHS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ReflectError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.LHS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ReflectManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.LHS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.LHS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilTargetError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Name -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshClassManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Name -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Name -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Name -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassGenerator
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Name -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassIdentifier
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Name -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Name -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Name -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.InterpreterError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Name -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.LHS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Name -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Name -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Name -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Reflect
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Name -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ReflectError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Name -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Name -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.StringUtil
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Name -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.This
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Name -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Types
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Name -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Name -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilTargetError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshClassManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassIdentifier
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.InterpreterError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.LHS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Modifiers
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Name
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSource
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Reflect
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.This
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Variable
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ParseException -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ParseException -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ParseException -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ParseException -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Token
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAllocationExpression
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAmbiguousName
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArguments
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArrayDimensions
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHArrayInitializer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHAssignment
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHBinaryExpression
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHBlock
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHCastExpression
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHClassDeclaration
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHEnhancedForStatement
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHForStatement
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHFormalComment
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHFormalParameter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHFormalParameters
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHIfStatement
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHImportDeclaration
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHLiteral
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHMethodDeclaration
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHMethodInvocation
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPackageDeclaration
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimaryExpression
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimarySuffix
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHPrimitiveType
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHReturnStatement
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHReturnType
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHStatementExpressionList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHSwitchLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHSwitchStatement
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTernaryExpression
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHThrowStatement
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTryStatement
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHType
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHTypedVariableDeclaration
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHUnaryExpression
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHVariableDeclarator
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BSHWhileStatement
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JJTParserState
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JavaCharStream
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Modifiers
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ParseException
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ParserConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ParserTokenManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ParserTreeConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Token
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ParserTokenManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.JavaCharStream
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ParserTokenManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ParserConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ParserTokenManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Token
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ParserTokenManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.TokenMgrError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.InterpreterError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ParserConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Reflect
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Types
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilTargetError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Reflect -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshClassManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Reflect -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Reflect -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Capabilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Reflect -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Reflect -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Reflect -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.InterpreterError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Reflect -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.LHS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Reflect -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Reflect -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Reflect -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ReflectError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Reflect -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ReflectManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Reflect -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Reflect -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.StringUtil
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Reflect -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.This
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Reflect -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Types
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Reflect -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Reflect -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilTargetError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ReflectManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Capabilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ReturnControl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ParserConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ReturnControl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.InterpreterError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Node
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ParserTreeConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Token
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.StringUtil -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Reflect
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.TargetError -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.TargetError -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Capabilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.TargetError -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.TargetError -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.TargetError -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.InterpreterError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.TargetError -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.This -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.This -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.This -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Capabilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.This -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.This -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.This -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.InterpreterError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.This -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.This -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.This -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Reflect
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.This -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ReflectError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.This -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.This -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.StringUtil
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.This -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Types
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.This -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Types -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Capabilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Types -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.InterpreterError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Types -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Types -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Reflect
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Types -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.This
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Types -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Types -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilTargetError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilTargetError -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilTargetError -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilTargetError -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.SimpleNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilTargetError -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.TargetError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilTargetError -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Variable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.LHS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Variable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Modifiers
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Variable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Variable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Types
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Variable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.XThis -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.XThis -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.XThis -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.EvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.XThis -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.XThis -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.XThis -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Primitive
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.XThis -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.TargetError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.XThis -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.This
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.XThis -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.classpath.BshClassLoader -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshClassManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.classpath.BshClassLoader -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.classpath.BshClassLoader -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.classpath.BshClassPath
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.classpath.BshClassLoader -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.classpath.ClassManagerImpl
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.classpath.BshClassPath -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassPathException
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.classpath.BshClassPath -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSource
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.classpath.BshClassPath -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.StringUtil
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.classpath.BshClassPath -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.classpath.ClassPathListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.classpath.ClassManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshClassManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.classpath.ClassManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ClassPathException
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.classpath.ClassManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.classpath.ClassManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.InterpreterError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.classpath.ClassManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.classpath.ClassManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.classpath.BshClassLoader
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.classpath.ClassManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.classpath.BshClassPath
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.classpath.ClassManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.classpath.DiscreteFilesClassLoader
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.classpath.DiscreteFilesClassLoader -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshClassManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.classpath.DiscreteFilesClassLoader -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.classpath.BshClassLoader
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.classpath.DiscreteFilesClassLoader -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.classpath.BshClassPath
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.collection.CollectionIterator -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshIterator
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.collection.CollectionManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshIterator
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.collection.CollectionManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CollectionManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.collection.CollectionManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.collection.CollectionIterator
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.commands.dir -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.CallStack
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.commands.dir -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.Interpreter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.commands.dir -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.StringUtil
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.ClassVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.CodeVisitor
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.ClassWriter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.ByteVector
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.ClassWriter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.ClassVisitor
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.ClassWriter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.CodeVisitor
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.ClassWriter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.CodeWriter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.ClassWriter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.Constants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.ClassWriter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.Item
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.CodeVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.Label
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.CodeWriter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.ByteVector
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.CodeWriter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.ClassWriter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.CodeWriter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.CodeVisitor
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.CodeWriter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.Constants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.CodeWriter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.Edge
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.CodeWriter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.Item
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.CodeWriter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.Label
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.Edge -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.Label
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.Item -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.ClassWriter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.Label -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.ByteVector
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.Label -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.CodeWriter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.Label -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.Constants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.Label -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.Edge
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.Type -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.org.objectweb.asm.Constants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.reflect.ReflectManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.ReflectManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.BufferAdapter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.BufferListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.BufferAdapter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.BufferChangeAdapter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.BufferChangeAdapter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.BufferChangeListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.BufferChangeListener -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.BufferChangeListener -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.BufferListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.BufferChangeListener -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.BufferListener -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.BufferUndoListener -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.ContentManager -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Segment
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.ContentManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.BufferSegment
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.DefaultFoldHandlerProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.FoldHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.DefaultFoldHandlerProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.FoldHandlerProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.DummyFoldHandler -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Segment
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.DummyFoldHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.FoldHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.DummyFoldHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.ExplicitFoldHandler -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Segment
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.ExplicitFoldHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.FoldHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.ExplicitFoldHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.FoldHandler -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Segment
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.FoldHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.FoldHandlerProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.FoldHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.FoldHandlerProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.FoldHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.IndentFoldHandler -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Segment
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.IndentFoldHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.FoldHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.IndentFoldHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Position
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Segment
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Debug
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Mode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.TextUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.BufferListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.ContentManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.DummyFoldHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.FoldHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.LineManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.PositionManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.UndoManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.IndentAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.IndentRule
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.DefaultTokenHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.DummyTokenHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.KeywordMap
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ModeProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ParserRuleSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Token
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenMarker
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.IntegerArray
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.KillRing -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ListDataListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.KillRing -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.UndoManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.KillRing -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.MutableListModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.LineManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Debug
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.LineManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenMarker
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.LineManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.IntegerArray
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.LineManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.PositionManager -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Position
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.PositionManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.PositionManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.UndoManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.UndoManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.KillRing
org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.UndoManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferAutosaveRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferAutosaveRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferAutosaveRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferIORequest
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferAutosaveRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferAutosaveRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferAutosaveRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferAutosaveRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.IOUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferAutosaveRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferAutosaveRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.WorkThread
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferIORequest -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Segment
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferIORequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferIORequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferIORequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferIORequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferIORequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.Encoding
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferIORequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.EncodingServer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferIORequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferIORequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferIORequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.IntegerArray
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferIORequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.SegmentBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferIORequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.WorkRequest
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferInsertRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferInsertRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferInsertRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferIORequest
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferInsertRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferInsertRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferInsertRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferInsertRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferInsertRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferInsertRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.IOUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferInsertRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferInsertRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.SegmentBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferInsertRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.WorkThread
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferLoadRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferLoadRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.TextUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferLoadRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferLoadRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferLoadRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferIORequest
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferLoadRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.AutoDetection
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferLoadRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.Encoding
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferLoadRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.EncodingDetector
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferLoadRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.EncodingServer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferLoadRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferLoadRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferLoadRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferLoadRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferLoadRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.IOUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferLoadRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferLoadRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.SegmentBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferLoadRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.WorkThread
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferSaveRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferSaveRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferSaveRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferSaveRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferIORequest
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferSaveRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferSaveRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferSaveRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferSaveRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.IOUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferSaveRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferSaveRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.WorkThread
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.MarkersSaveRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.MarkersSaveRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Marker
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.MarkersSaveRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.MarkersSaveRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.MarkersSaveRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.MarkersSaveRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.IOUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.MarkersSaveRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.MarkersSaveRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Task
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSet -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.EventListenerList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSetListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSetManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSetAdapter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSetAdapter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSetListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSetListener -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSetManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSetManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSetManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSetManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSetManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSetManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSetManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSetManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.EditPaneUpdate
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSetManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PropertiesChanged
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSetManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.visitors.JEditVisitor
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSetManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.visitors.JEditVisitorAdapter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSetManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.JEditDataFlavor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.JEditRichText
org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.JEditRichText -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Mode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.JEditRichText -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ModeProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.JEditTransferableService -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.ListVFSFileTransferable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FileVFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.ListVFSFileTransferable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.ListVFSFileTransferable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile
org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.RichJEditTextTransferableService -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Mode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.RichJEditTextTransferableService -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.RichJEditTextTransferableService -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.JEditTransferableService
org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.RichJEditTextTransferableService -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.RichTextTransferable
org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.RichJEditTextTransferableService -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.RichTextTransferable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.JEditDataFlavor
org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.RichTextTransferable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.JEditRichText
org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.StringTransferableService -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.JEditTransferableService
org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.StringTransferableService -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.TransferHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.JEditTransferable
org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.TransferHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.JEditTransferableService
org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.TransferHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbbrevEditor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbbrevEditor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbbrevEditor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbbrevEditor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbbrevEditor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTextField
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbbrevEditor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbbrevEditor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbbrevEditor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbbrevEditor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AboutDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AboutDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AboutDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ImageIcon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AboutDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AboutDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AboutDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AboutDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AboutDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AboutDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JRootPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AboutDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.UIManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AboutDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditServer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AboutDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AboutDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AboutDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AboutDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbstractContextOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbstractContextOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbstractContextOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.DefaultListModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbstractContextOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbstractContextOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbstractContextOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbstractContextOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbstractContextOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbstractContextOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbstractContextOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbstractContextOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbstractContextOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbstractContextOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListSelectionModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbstractContextOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbstractContextOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbstractContextOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ListSelectionEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbstractContextOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ListSelectionListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbstractContextOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbstractContextOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbstractContextOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbstractContextOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ContextAddDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbstractContextOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RolloverButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbstractContextOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbstractContextOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ActionBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ActionBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ActionBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ActionBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ActionBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ActionBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ActionBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ActionBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JToolBar
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ActionBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JWindow
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ActionBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ActionBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListSelectionModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ActionBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ScrollPaneConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ActionBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ActionBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.DocumentEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ActionBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.DocumentListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ActionBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Document
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ActionBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ActionBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ActionBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ActionBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ActionBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Macros
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ActionBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ActionBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ActionBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ActionBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryTextField
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ActionBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.InputHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ActionBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.KeyEventWorkaround
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ActionBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RolloverButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ActionBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ActionBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ActionBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ActionBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AddAbbrevDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AddAbbrevDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AddAbbrevDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AddAbbrevDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AddAbbrevDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AddAbbrevDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AddAbbrevDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTextField
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AddAbbrevDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AddAbbrevDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AddAbbrevDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Abbrevs
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AddAbbrevDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AddAbbrevDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AddAbbrevDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Mode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AddAbbrevDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AddAbbrevDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbbrevEditor
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AddAbbrevDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AnimatedIcon -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ImageIcon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AnimatedIcon -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Timer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BeanShellErrorDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BeanShellErrorDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TextAreaDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BufferOptions -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BufferOptions -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BufferOptions -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BufferOptions -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BufferOptions -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JRootPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BufferOptions -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BufferOptions -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BufferOptions -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BufferOptions -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BufferOptions -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EnhancedDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BufferOptions -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BufferOptions -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BufferOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BufferSwitcher -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ComboBoxModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BufferSwitcher -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.DefaultComboBoxModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BufferSwitcher -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.DefaultListCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BufferSwitcher -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BufferSwitcher -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComboBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BufferSwitcher -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BufferSwitcher -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BufferSwitcher -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.PopupMenuEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BufferSwitcher -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.PopupMenuListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BufferSwitcher -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BufferSwitcher -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BufferSwitcher -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BufferSwitcher -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BufferSwitcher -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BufferSwitcher -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.ThreadUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CloseDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CloseDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CloseDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ButtonModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CloseDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.DefaultListModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CloseDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CloseDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CloseDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CloseDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CloseDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CloseDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JRootPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CloseDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CloseDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CloseDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.UIManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CloseDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CloseDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CloseDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ListSelectionEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CloseDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ListSelectionListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CloseDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CloseDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CloseDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CloseDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CloseDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferIORequest
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CloseDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EnhancedDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CloseDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CloseDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CloseDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ColorWellButton -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ColorWellButton -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ColorWellButton -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ColorWellButton -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ColorWellButton -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JColorChooser
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ColorWellButton -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ColorWellButton -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ColorWellButton -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JRootPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ColorWellButton -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ColorWellButton -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.OperatingSystem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ColorWellButton -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EnhancedDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ColorWellButton -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CompleteWord -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.DefaultListCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CompleteWord -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CompleteWord -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CompleteWord -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CompleteWord -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CompleteWord -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CompleteWord -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.TextUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CompleteWord -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CompleteWord -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CompletionPopup
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CompleteWord -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CompleteWord -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.KeywordMap
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CompleteWord -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CompleteWord -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CompleteWord -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.visitors.JEditVisitor
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CompleteWord -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.visitors.JEditVisitorAdapter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CompleteWord -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CompletionPopup -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.AbstractListModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CompletionPopup -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CompletionPopup -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CompletionPopup -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CompletionPopup -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JWindow
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CompletionPopup -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CompletionPopup -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CompletionPopup -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListSelectionModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CompletionPopup -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ScrollPaneConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CompletionPopup -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CompletionPopup -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CompletionPopup -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CompletionPopup -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.InputHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CompletionPopup -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CompletionPopup -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CompletionPopup -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ContextAddDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.AbstractButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ContextAddDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ContextAddDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ContextAddDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ButtonGroup
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ContextAddDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ContextAddDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComboBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ContextAddDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ContextAddDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ContextAddDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ContextAddDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ContextAddDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JRadioButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ContextAddDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JRootPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ContextAddDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ContextAddDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListSelectionModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ContextAddDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ContextAddDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ContextAddDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ContextAddDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ContextAddDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ContextAddDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbstractContextOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ContextAddDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EnhancedDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ContextAddDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DefaultInputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DefaultInputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DefaultInputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.InputHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DefaultInputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.KeyEventTranslator
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DefaultInputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.KeyEventWorkaround
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DefaultInputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ShortcutPrefixActiveEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DefaultInputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableLayout -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockablePanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableLayout -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableLayout -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PanelWindowContainer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockablePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockablePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockablePanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockablePanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerImpl
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockablePanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PanelWindowContainer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockablePanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerImpl
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPlugin
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.XMLUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowFactory -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.Attributes
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowFactory -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.InputSource
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowFactory -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.helpers.DefaultHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManager -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManager -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DefaultFocusComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowFactory
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.KeyEventTranslator
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.DockableWindowUpdate
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PluginUpdate
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PropertiesChanged
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.AbstractButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenuItem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPopupMenu
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockablePanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindow
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowContainer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowFactory
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FloatingWindowContainer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PanelWindowContainer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.DockableWindowUpdate
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PluginUpdate
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PropertiesChanged
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.IOUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.XMLUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.Attributes
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.helpers.DefaultHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowFactory
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerImpl
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockingFrameworkProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockingFrameworkProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockingFrameworkProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowFactory
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockingFrameworkProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockingLayoutManager -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockingLayoutManager -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockingLayoutManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockingLayoutManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockingLayoutManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockingLayoutManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockingLayoutManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockingLayoutManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockingLayoutManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Mode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockingLayoutManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockingLayoutManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockingLayoutManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockingFrameworkProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockingLayoutManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockingLayoutManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.BufferUpdate
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockingLayoutManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.EditPaneUpdate
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockingLayoutManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.ViewUpdate
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockingLayoutManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.DockingOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DynamicContextMenuService -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenuItem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DynamicContextMenuService -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EditAbbrevDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EditAbbrevDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EditAbbrevDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EditAbbrevDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EditAbbrevDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EditAbbrevDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EditAbbrevDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JRootPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EditAbbrevDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EditAbbrevDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EditAbbrevDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EditAbbrevDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EditAbbrevDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbbrevEditor
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EditAbbrevDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EnhancedButton -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EnhancedButton -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionContext
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EnhancedButton -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EnhancedButton -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EnhancedButton -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EnhancedButton -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RolloverButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EnhancedButton -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EnhancedButton -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EnhancedDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ComboBoxEditor
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EnhancedDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComboBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EnhancedDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EnhancedDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLayeredPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ErrorListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ErrorListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ErrorListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ErrorListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ErrorListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ErrorListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ErrorListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ErrorListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JRootPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ErrorListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ErrorListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTextPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ErrorListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ScrollPaneConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ErrorListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.UIManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ErrorListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ErrorListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ErrorListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.AttributeSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ErrorListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.BadLocationException
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ErrorListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.MutableAttributeSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ErrorListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.SimpleAttributeSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ErrorListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.StyleConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ErrorListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.StyledDocument
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ErrorListDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.TextUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ErrorListDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EnhancedDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ErrorListDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ErrorListDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ErrorListDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ExtendedGridLayout -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ExtendedGridLayoutConstraints
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilePropertiesDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BorderFactory
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilePropertiesDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilePropertiesDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilePropertiesDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JCheckBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilePropertiesDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilePropertiesDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilePropertiesDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTextField
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilePropertiesDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.UIManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilePropertiesDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilePropertiesDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilePropertiesDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.TitledBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilePropertiesDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilePropertiesDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.OperatingSystem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilePropertiesDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilePropertiesDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilePropertiesDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EnhancedDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilePropertiesDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FileVFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilePropertiesDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilePropertiesDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilePropertiesDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.IOUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilePropertiesDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilesChangedDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilesChangedDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilesChangedDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilesChangedDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilesChangedDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilesChangedDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilesChangedDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JRootPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilesChangedDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilesChangedDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTree
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilesChangedDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.UIManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilesChangedDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilesChangedDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilesChangedDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.TreeSelectionEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilesChangedDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.TreeSelectionListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilesChangedDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.DefaultMutableTreeNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilesChangedDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.DefaultTreeCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilesChangedDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.DefaultTreeModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilesChangedDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.MutableTreeNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilesChangedDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.TreeCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilesChangedDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.TreeModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilesChangedDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.TreeNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilesChangedDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.TreePath
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilesChangedDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.TreeSelectionModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilesChangedDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilesChangedDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilesChangedDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilesChangedDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilesChangedDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EnhancedDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilesChangedDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilteredListModel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.AbstractListModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilteredListModel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilteredListModel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilteredListModel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilteredListModel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ListDataEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilteredListModel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ListDataListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilteredTableModel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTable
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilteredTableModel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListSelectionModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilteredTableModel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.TableModelEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilteredTableModel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.TableModelListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilteredTableModel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.AbstractTableModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilteredTableModel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FloatingWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.AbstractButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FloatingWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FloatingWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FloatingWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FloatingWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FloatingWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FloatingWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JFrame
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FloatingWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPopupMenu
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FloatingWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JSeparator
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FloatingWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FloatingWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FloatingWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FloatingWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FloatingWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DefaultFocusComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FloatingWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowContainer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FloatingWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowFactory
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FloatingWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerImpl
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FloatingWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RolloverButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FloatingWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FontSelector -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FontSelector -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FontSelector -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FontSelector -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FontSelector -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FontSelectorDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FontSelector -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FontSelectorDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FontSelectorDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FontSelectorDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FontSelectorDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FontSelectorDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FontSelectorDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FontSelectorDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JRootPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FontSelectorDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FontSelectorDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTextField
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FontSelectorDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FontSelectorDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FontSelectorDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.TitledBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FontSelectorDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ListSelectionEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FontSelectorDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ListSelectionListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FontSelectorDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EnhancedDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FontSelectorDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FontSelector
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FontSelectorDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FontSelectorDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.GrabKeyDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.GrabKeyDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.GrabKeyDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.GrabKeyDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.GrabKeyDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.GrabKeyDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.GrabKeyDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTextField
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.GrabKeyDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.GrabKeyDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.GrabKeyDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Document
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.GrabKeyDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.GrabKeyDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Debug
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.GrabKeyDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.GrabKeyDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.KeyEventTranslator
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.GrabKeyDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.KeyEventWorkaround
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.GrabKeyDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.AbstractInputHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.GrabKeyDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.GrabKeyDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryModel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.DefaultListModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryModel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryModelSaver
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryModel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.MutableListModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryModelSaver -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryText -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.DefaultListModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryText -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenuItem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryText -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPopupMenu
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryText -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Document
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryText -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.JTextComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryText -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryText -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryText -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ListModelEditor
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryText -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryTextArea -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryTextArea -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.KeyStroke
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryTextArea -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.JTextComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryText
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryTextField -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTextField
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryTextField -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryTextField -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.UIManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryTextField -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.AbstractBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryTextField -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryTextField -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.CompoundBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryTextField -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.MouseInputAdapter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryTextField -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.JTextComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryTextField -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryTextField -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryTextField -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryText
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.IOProgressMonitor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.IOProgressMonitor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.IOProgressMonitor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.IOProgressMonitor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.IOProgressMonitor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.IOProgressMonitor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.IOProgressMonitor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JProgressBar
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.IOProgressMonitor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.IOProgressMonitor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.IOProgressMonitor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.IOProgressMonitor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.IOProgressMonitor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.IOProgressMonitor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.IOProgressMonitor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.ThreadUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.IOProgressMonitor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.WorkThread
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.IOProgressMonitor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.WorkThreadPool
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.IOProgressMonitor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.WorkThreadProgressListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.InputHandler -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Action
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.InputHandler -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ActionMap
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.InputHandler -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.InputMap
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.InputHandler -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.InputHandler -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.InputHandler -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.KeyStroke
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.InputHandler -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.JTextComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.InputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.InputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.InputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Debug
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.InputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.InputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.InputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditAbstractEditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.InputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Macros
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.InputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.InputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.InputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.InputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.InputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.KeyEventTranslator
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.InputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.KeyEventWorkaround
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.InputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.InputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.AbstractInputHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.InputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.InputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.InputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.InputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.JCheckBoxList -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JCheckBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.JCheckBoxList -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTable
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.JCheckBoxList -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListSelectionModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.JCheckBoxList -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.UIManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.JCheckBoxList -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.AbstractTableModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.JCheckBoxList -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.DefaultTableCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.JCheckBoxList -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.JCheckBoxList -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableColumn
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.JCheckBoxList -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableColumnModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.JCheckBoxList -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.JEditHistoryModelSaver -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.JEditHistoryModelSaver -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.JEditHistoryModelSaver -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryModelSaver
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.JEditHistoryModelSaver -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.JEditHistoryModelSaver -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.IOUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.JEditHistoryModelSaver -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.JEditHistoryModelSaver -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.KeyEventTranslator -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Debug
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.KeyEventTranslator -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.OperatingSystem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.KeyEventTranslator -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.KeyEventWorkaround
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.KeyEventTranslator -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.KeyEventTranslator -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.KeyEventWorkaround -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Debug
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.KeyEventWorkaround -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.OperatingSystem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.KeyEventWorkaround -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.AbstractInputHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.KeyEventWorkaround -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ListModelEditor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.DefaultListModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ListModelEditor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ListModelEditor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTable
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ListModelEditor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListSelectionModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ListModelEditor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.DefaultTableModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ListModelEditor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ListModelEditor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BorderFactory
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JCheckBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JSpinner
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTextField
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListSelectionModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SpinnerModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SpinnerNumberModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.DocumentEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.DocumentListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ListDataEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ListDataListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Document
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Registers
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ColorWellButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DefaultFocusComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilteredListModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PropertiesChanged
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.LogViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.MarkerViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.MarkerViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.MarkerViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.DefaultListCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.MarkerViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.MarkerViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.MarkerViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.MarkerViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.MarkerViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.MarkerViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.MarkerViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.MarkerViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListSelectionModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.MarkerViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.MarkerViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.MarkerViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.MarkerViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.MarkerViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Marker
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.MarkerViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.MarkerViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RolloverButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.MarkerViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.MarkerViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.BufferUpdate
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.MarkerViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.EditPaneUpdate
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.MarkerViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.ViewUpdate
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.MarkerViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.MutableListModel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.NumericTextField -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTextField
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JRootPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollBar
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JSplitPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTree
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ScrollPaneConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.UIManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.EventListenerList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.TreeModelEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.TreeModelListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.TreeSelectionEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.TreeSelectionListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.DefaultTreeCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.TreeCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.TreeModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.TreePath
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.TreeSelectionModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.OperatingSystem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.OptionGroup
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.OptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EnhancedDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PanelWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.AbstractButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PanelWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ButtonGroup
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PanelWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PanelWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PanelWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PanelWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PanelWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPopupMenu
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PanelWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JToggleButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PanelWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.LookAndFeel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PanelWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.UIManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PanelWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PanelWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PanelWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.plaf.ColorUIResource
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PanelWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalLookAndFeel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PanelWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PanelWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PanelWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PanelWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.OperatingSystem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PanelWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PanelWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DefaultFocusComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PanelWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockablePanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PanelWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowContainer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PanelWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowFactory
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PanelWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PanelWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManagerImpl
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PanelWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PanelWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.DockableWindowUpdate
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PanelWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PanelWindowContainer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteFromListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteFromListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteFromListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.DefaultListCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteFromListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteFromListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteFromListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteFromListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteFromListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JRootPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteFromListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteFromListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteFromListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteFromListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteFromListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteFromListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteFromListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ListSelectionEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteFromListDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ListSelectionListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteFromListDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteFromListDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteFromListDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EnhancedDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteFromListDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.MutableListModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteFromListDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteFromListDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteSpecialDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteSpecialDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteSpecialDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.DefaultListCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteSpecialDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteSpecialDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteSpecialDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteSpecialDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JRootPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteSpecialDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteSpecialDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteSpecialDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteSpecialDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteSpecialDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Registers
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteSpecialDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteSpecialDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.JEditDataFlavor
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteSpecialDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EnhancedDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteSpecialDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PasteSpecialDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PingPongList -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.AbstractListModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PingPongList -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PingPongList -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PingPongList -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PingPongList -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PingPongList -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PingPongList -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JSplitPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PingPongList -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PingPongList -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.TransferHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PingPongList -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RegisterViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RegisterViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RegisterViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.DefaultListCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RegisterViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.DefaultListModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RegisterViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RegisterViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RegisterViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RegisterViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenuItem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RegisterViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RegisterViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPopupMenu
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RegisterViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RegisterViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JSplitPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RegisterViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RegisterViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RegisterViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RegisterViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListSelectionModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RegisterViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RegisterViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RegisterViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.DocumentEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RegisterViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.DocumentListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RegisterViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ListSelectionEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RegisterViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ListSelectionListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RegisterViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Document
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RegisterViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RegisterViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RegisterViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Registers
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RegisterViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RegisterViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindow
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RegisterViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RegisterViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RolloverButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RegisterViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RegisterViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PropertiesChanged
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RegisterViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.RegisterChanged
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RegisterViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RolloverButton -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RolloverButton -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.SelectLineRange -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.SelectLineRange -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.SelectLineRange -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.SelectLineRange -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.SelectLineRange -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.SelectLineRange -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JRootPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.SelectLineRange -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTextField
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.SelectLineRange -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.SelectLineRange -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.SelectLineRange -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.SelectLineRange -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.SelectLineRange -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.SelectLineRange -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.SelectLineRange -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EnhancedDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.SelectLineRange -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.SelectLineRange -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.SelectLineRange -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Selection
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ShortcutPrefixActiveEvent -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ChangeEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ShortcutPrefixActiveEvent -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ChangeListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ShortcutPrefixActiveEvent -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.EventListenerList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ShortcutPrefixActiveEvent -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.SplashScreen -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.SplashScreen -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JWindow
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.SplashScreen -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.UIManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.SplashScreen -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.SplashScreen -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Timer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.UIManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.CompoundBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Segment
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Macros
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.OperatingSystem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ServiceManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.StatusWidgetFactory
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ToolTipLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.Widget
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.WorkThreadPool
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.WorkThreadProgressListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StyleEditor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StyleEditor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StyleEditor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StyleEditor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JCheckBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StyleEditor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StyleEditor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JFrame
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StyleEditor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StyleEditor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StyleEditor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StyleEditor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JRootPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StyleEditor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StyleEditor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StyleEditor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StyleEditor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StyleEditor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StyleEditor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ColorWellButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StyleEditor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EnhancedDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StyleEditor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StyleEditor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.DefaultTokenHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StyleEditor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.SyntaxStyle
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StyleEditor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Token
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StyleEditor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StyleEditor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TaskMonitor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.AbstractCellEditor
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TaskMonitor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TaskMonitor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TaskMonitor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TaskMonitor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TaskMonitor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JProgressBar
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TaskMonitor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TaskMonitor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTable
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TaskMonitor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.TableModelEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TaskMonitor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.TableModelListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TaskMonitor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.AbstractTableModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TaskMonitor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.JTableHeader
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TaskMonitor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableCellEditor
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TaskMonitor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TaskMonitor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableColumn
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TaskMonitor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableColumnModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TaskMonitor -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TaskMonitor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TaskMonitor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TaskMonitor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Task
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TaskMonitor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.TaskListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TaskMonitor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.TaskManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TaskMonitor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.ThreadUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TextAreaDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TextAreaDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TextAreaDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TextAreaDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TextAreaDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TextAreaDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TextAreaDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TextAreaDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JRootPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TextAreaDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TextAreaDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TextAreaDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.UIManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TextAreaDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TextAreaDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TextAreaDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TextAreaDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TextAreaDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EnhancedDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TextAreaDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TipOfTheDay -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TipOfTheDay -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TipOfTheDay -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TipOfTheDay -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JCheckBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TipOfTheDay -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JEditorPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TipOfTheDay -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TipOfTheDay -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TipOfTheDay -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JRootPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TipOfTheDay -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TipOfTheDay -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.UIManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TipOfTheDay -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TipOfTheDay -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TipOfTheDay -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TipOfTheDay -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TipOfTheDay -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EnhancedDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TipOfTheDay -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TipOfTheDay -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ToolBarManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.BufferSetWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.BufferSetWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.BufferSetWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.BufferSetWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.BufferSetWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.BufferSetWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.BufferSetWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.BufferSetWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSetManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.BufferSetWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.StatusWidgetFactory
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.BufferSetWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ToolTipLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.BufferSetWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.Widget
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.BufferSetWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.BufferSetWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PropertiesChanged
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ClockWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ClockWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ClockWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Timer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ClockWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ToolTipManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ClockWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ClockWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.StatusWidgetFactory
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ClockWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.Widget
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ClockWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.EncodingWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.EncodingWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.EncodingWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.EncodingWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.EncodingWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BufferOptions
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.EncodingWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.StatusWidgetFactory
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.EncodingWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ToolTipLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.EncodingWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.Widget
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.EncodingWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ErrorsWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ErrorsWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ErrorsWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ErrorsWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComboBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ErrorsWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ErrorsWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ErrorsWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPopupMenu
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ErrorsWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ErrorsWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ErrorsWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Timer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ErrorsWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ToolTipManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ErrorsWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ErrorsWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ErrorsWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EnhancedDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ErrorsWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.StatusWidgetFactory
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ErrorsWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.Widget
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ErrorsWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ErrorsWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.FoldWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.FoldWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.FoldWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.FoldWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.FoldWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BufferOptions
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.FoldWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.StatusWidgetFactory
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.FoldWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ToolTipLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.FoldWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.Widget
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.FoldWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.LineSepWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.LineSepWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.LineSepWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.LineSepWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.LineSepWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.LineSepWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.LineSepWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.StatusWidgetFactory
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.LineSepWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ToolTipLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.LineSepWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.Widget
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.LineSepWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.MemoryStatusWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.MemoryStatusWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.MemoryStatusWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Timer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.MemoryStatusWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ToolTipManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.MemoryStatusWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.MemoryStatusWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.StatusWidgetFactory
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.MemoryStatusWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.Widget
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.MemoryStatusWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ModeWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ModeWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ModeWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ModeWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Mode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ModeWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ModeWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.BufferOptions
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ModeWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.StatusWidgetFactory
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ModeWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ToolTipLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ModeWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.Widget
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ModeWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.MultiSelectWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.MultiSelectWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.MultiSelectWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.MultiSelectWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.MultiSelectWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.StatusWidgetFactory
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.MultiSelectWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ToolTipLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.MultiSelectWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.Widget
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.MultiSelectWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.MultiSelectWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.OverwriteWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.OverwriteWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.OverwriteWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.OverwriteWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.OverwriteWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.StatusWidgetFactory
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.OverwriteWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ToolTipLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.OverwriteWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.Widget
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.OverwriteWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.OverwriteWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.RectSelectWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.RectSelectWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.RectSelectWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.RectSelectWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.RectSelectWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.StatusWidgetFactory
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.RectSelectWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ToolTipLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.RectSelectWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.Widget
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.RectSelectWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.RectSelectWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.SelectionLengthWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.SelectionLengthWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.SelectionLengthWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.CaretEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.SelectionLengthWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.CaretListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.SelectionLengthWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.SelectionLengthWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.SelectionLengthWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.StatusWidgetFactory
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.SelectionLengthWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.Widget
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.SelectionLengthWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.SelectionLengthWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.ViewUpdate
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.SelectionLengthWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.SelectionLengthWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Selection
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.SelectionLengthWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.StatusWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.StatusWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.Widget
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ToolTipLabel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.Widget -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.WrapWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.WrapWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.WrapWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.WrapWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.WrapWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.WrapWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.StatusWidgetFactory
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.WrapWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.ToolTipLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.WrapWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.Widget
org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.statusbar.WrapWidgetFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpHistoryModel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpHistoryModelListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpHistoryModel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpIndex -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpIndex -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpIndex -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpIndex -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpIndex -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpIndex -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpSearchPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpSearchPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpSearchPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.DefaultListCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpSearchPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpSearchPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpSearchPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpSearchPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpSearchPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpSearchPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpSearchPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpSearchPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListSelectionModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpSearchPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.UIManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpSearchPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpSearchPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryTextField
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpSearchPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpIndex
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpSearchPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewerInterface
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpSearchPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpSearchPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpSearchPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.ThreadUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpTOCPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpTOCPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpTOCPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpTOCPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpTOCPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTree
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpTOCPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ToolTipManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpTOCPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpTOCPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpTOCPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.DefaultMutableTreeNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpTOCPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.DefaultTreeCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpTOCPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.DefaultTreeModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpTOCPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.MutableTreeNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpTOCPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.TreeCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpTOCPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.TreeModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpTOCPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.TreeNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpTOCPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.TreePath
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpTOCPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.TreeSelectionModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpTOCPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPlugin
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpTOCPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JARClassLoader
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpTOCPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpTOCPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.OperatingSystem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpTOCPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpTOCPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.FileCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpTOCPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewerInterface
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpTOCPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpTOCPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpTOCPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpTOCPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.ThreadUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpTOCPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.XMLUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpTOCPanel -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.Attributes
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpTOCPanel -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.helpers.DefaultHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JEditorPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JFrame
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JRootPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollBar
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JSplitPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTabbedPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.HyperlinkEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.HyperlinkListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Document
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.html.HTMLDocument
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.html.HTMLFrameHyperlinkEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpHistoryModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpHistoryModelListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpSearchPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpTOCPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewerInterface
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HistoryButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PluginUpdate
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PropertiesChanged
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HistoryButton -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.AbstractAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HistoryButton -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Action
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HistoryButton -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HistoryButton -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HistoryButton -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HistoryButton -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HistoryButton -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenuItem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HistoryButton -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HistoryButton -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPopupMenu
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HistoryButton -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HistoryButton -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RolloverButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HistoryButton -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpHistoryModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HistoryButton -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.BracketIndentRule -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Segment
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.BracketIndentRule -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.BracketIndentRule -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.IndentRule
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.BracketIndentRule -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Token
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.BracketIndentRule -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.BracketIndentRule -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenMarker
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.CloseBracketIndentRule -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.TextUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.CloseBracketIndentRule -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.CloseBracketIndentRule -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.BracketIndentRule
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.CloseBracketIndentRule -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.IndentAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.CloseBracketIndentRule -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.DeepIndentRule -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Segment
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.DeepIndentRule -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.TextUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.DeepIndentRule -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.DeepIndentRule -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.IndentAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.DeepIndentRule -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.IndentRule
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.DeepIndentRule -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Token
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.DeepIndentRule -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.DeepIndentRule -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenMarker
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.IndentAction -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.IndentAction -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.IndentRule -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.IndentRule -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.IndentAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.IndentRuleFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.CloseBracketIndentRule
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.IndentRuleFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.IndentAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.IndentRuleFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.IndentRule
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.IndentRuleFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.OpenBracketIndentRule
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.IndentRuleFactory -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.RegexpIndentRule
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.OpenBracketIndentRule -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.TextUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.OpenBracketIndentRule -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.OpenBracketIndentRule -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.BracketIndentRule
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.OpenBracketIndentRule -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.IndentAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.RegexpIndentRule -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Segment
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.RegexpIndentRule -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.RegexpIndentRule -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.IndentAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.RegexpIndentRule -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.IndentRule
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.RegexpIndentRule -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Token
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.RegexpIndentRule -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.RegexpIndentRule -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenMarker
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.WhitespaceRule -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.WhitespaceRule -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.IndentAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.WhitespaceRule -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.indent.IndentRule
org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.AbstractInputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Debug
org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.AbstractInputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditAbstractEditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.AbstractInputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.KeyEventTranslator
org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.AbstractInputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ShortcutPrefixActiveEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.AbstractInputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.DefaultInputHandlerProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.AbstractInputHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.DefaultInputHandlerProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.InputHandlerProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.InputHandlerProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.AbstractInputHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.TextAreaInputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Debug
org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.TextAreaInputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditAbstractEditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.TextAreaInputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditBeanShellAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.TextAreaInputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.TextAreaInputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.KeyEventTranslator
org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.TextAreaInputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.KeyEventWorkaround
org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.TextAreaInputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ShortcutPrefixActiveEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.TextAreaInputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.AbstractInputHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.TextAreaInputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.TextAreaInputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.TextAreaInputHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.AutoDetection -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ServiceManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.AutoDetection -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferIORequest
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.AutoDetection -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.EncodingDetector
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.AutoDetection -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.AutoDetection -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.CharsetEncoding -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.Encoding
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.CopyFileWorker -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.CopyFileWorker -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.CopyFileWorker -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.ProgressObserver
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.CopyFileWorker -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Task
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.EncodingServer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ServiceManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.EncodingServer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.CharsetEncoding
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.EncodingServer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.Encoding
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.EncodingServer -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.EncodingWithBOM -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.CharsetEncoding
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.EncodingWithBOM -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.Encoding
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.EncodingWithBOM -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.EncodingDetector
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FavoritesVFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FavoritesVFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FavoritesVFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FavoritesVFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FavoritesVFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FavoritesVFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FavoritesVFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.DynamicMenuChanged
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FileRootsVFS -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.filechooser.FileSystemView
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FileRootsVFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FileRootsVFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.OperatingSystem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FileRootsVFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FileRootsVFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FileVFS -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FileVFS -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.filechooser.FileSystemView
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FileVFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FileVFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FileVFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.OperatingSystem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FileVFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FileVFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FileRootsVFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FileVFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FileVFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FileVFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FileVFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FileVFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.IOUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FileVFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.GlobVFSFileFilter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.GlobVFSFileFilter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFileFilter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.GlobVFSFileFilter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.GlobVFSFileFilter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.RegexEncodingDetector -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.EncodingDetector
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.RegexEncodingDetector -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.EncodingServer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.UrlVFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.UrlVFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.UrlVFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferIORequest
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferInsertRequest
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferLoadRequest
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferSaveRequest
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.GlobVFSFileFilter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFileFilter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PropertiesChanged
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.IOUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.ProgressObserver
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.WorkThread
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.FileCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.IOUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFileFilter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JARClassLoader
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ServiceManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ErrorListDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FileVFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.UrlVFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.VFSUpdate
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.WorkThread
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.WorkThreadPool
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.XMLEncodingDetector -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.EncodingDetector
org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.XMLEncodingDetector -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JFrame
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JProgressBar
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.LayoutFocusTraversalPolicy
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ToolTipManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.UIDefaults
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.UIManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.UnsupportedLookAndFeelException
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.plaf.ColorUIResource
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Abbrevs
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionContext
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Autosave
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.BufferHistory
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPlugin
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditServer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.IPropertyManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JARClassLoader
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditAbstractEditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditActionSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditKillRing
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditMode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditRegisterSaver
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditRegistersListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Macros
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Marker
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Mode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ModeCatalogHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.OperatingSystem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.PerspectiveManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.PropertyManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.RegisterSaver
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Registers
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.RegistersListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ServiceManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.SettingsReloader
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.FoldHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.FoldHandlerProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.KillRing
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferio.BufferIORequest
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSetManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.JEditTransferableService
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.TransferHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ActionBar
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.CloseDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DefaultInputHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowFactory
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockingLayoutManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ErrorListDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilesChangedDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryModelSaver
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.InputHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.JEditHistoryModelSaver
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TipOfTheDay
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FavoritesVFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.BufferUpdate
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.DynamicMenuChanged
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.EditorExitRequested
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.EditorExiting
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.EditorStarted
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PluginUpdate
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PropertiesChanged
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.ViewUpdate
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Chunk
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ModeProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenMarker
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.XModeHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.DisplayManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditEmbeddedTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Selection
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.visitors.JEditVisitor
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.visitors.SaveCaretInfoVisitor
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.IOUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.SyntaxUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.XMLUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.SAXParseException
org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.helpers.DefaultHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.DirectoryProvider -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.DirectoryProvider -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenu
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.DirectoryProvider -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenuItem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.DirectoryProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.DirectoryProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.DirectoryProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.DirectoryProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.FileCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.DirectoryProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.DirectoryProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FileVFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.DirectoryProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.DirectoryProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.DirectoryProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.DynamicMenuProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.DirectoryProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.DynamicMenuProvider -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenu
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedCheckBoxMenuItem -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ButtonModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedCheckBoxMenuItem -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.DefaultButtonModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedCheckBoxMenuItem -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedCheckBoxMenuItem -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionContext
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedCheckBoxMenuItem -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedCheckBoxMenuItem -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedCheckBoxMenuItem -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.OperatingSystem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedCheckBoxMenuItem -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedCheckBoxMenuItem -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedCheckBoxMenuItem -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedCheckBoxMenuItem -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedMenuItem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedCheckBoxMenuItem -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedMenu -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenu
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedMenu -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenuItem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedMenu -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.MenuEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedMenu -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.MenuListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedMenu -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionContext
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedMenu -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedMenu -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedMenu -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedMenu -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.OperatingSystem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedMenu -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedMenu -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedMenu -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedMenu -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.DynamicMenuProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedMenu -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.DynamicMenuChanged
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedMenu -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PropertiesChanged
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedMenuItem -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ButtonModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedMenuItem -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenuItem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedMenuItem -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.UIManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedMenuItem -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionContext
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedMenuItem -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedMenuItem -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedMenuItem -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.OperatingSystem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedMenuItem -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedMenuItem -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedMenuItem -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.FavoritesProvider -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.FavoritesProvider -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenu
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.FavoritesProvider -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenuItem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.FavoritesProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.FavoritesProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.FavoritesProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.FavoritesProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.FileCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.FavoritesProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.FavoritesProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FavoritesVFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.FavoritesProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.FavoritesProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSFile
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.FavoritesProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.FavoritesProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.DynamicMenuProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.MacrosProvider -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenu
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.MacrosProvider -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenuItem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.MacrosProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionContext
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.MacrosProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Macros
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.MacrosProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.MacrosProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.DynamicMenuProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.MacrosProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedMenuItem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.MacrosProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.MenuItemTextComparator
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.MarkersProvider -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ButtonModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.MarkersProvider -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenu
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.MarkersProvider -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenuItem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.MarkersProvider -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.UIManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.MarkersProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.MarkersProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.MarkersProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Marker
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.MarkersProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.MarkersProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.MarkersProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.DynamicMenuProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.MarkersProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.MenuItemTextComparator -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenuItem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.MenuItemTextComparator -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.EnhancedMenuItem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.MenuItemTextComparator -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.PluginsProvider -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenu
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.PluginsProvider -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenuItem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.PluginsProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPlugin
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.PluginsProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.PluginsProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.PluginsProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.DynamicMenuProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.PluginsProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.MenuItemTextComparator
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.PluginsProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.RecentDirectoriesProvider -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.RecentDirectoriesProvider -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenu
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.RecentDirectoriesProvider -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenuItem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.RecentDirectoriesProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.RecentDirectoriesProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.RecentDirectoriesProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.RecentDirectoriesProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.FileCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.RecentDirectoriesProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.RecentDirectoriesProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.RecentDirectoriesProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.RecentDirectoriesProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.RecentDirectoriesProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.DynamicMenuProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.RecentDirectoriesProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.MenuItemTextComparator
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.RecentFilesProvider -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.RecentFilesProvider -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenu
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.RecentFilesProvider -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenuItem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.RecentFilesProvider -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTextField
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.RecentFilesProvider -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ChangeEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.RecentFilesProvider -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ChangeListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.RecentFilesProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.RecentFilesProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.BufferHistory
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.RecentFilesProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.RecentFilesProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.RecentFilesProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.RecentFilesProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.FileCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.RecentFilesProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.RecentFilesProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.RecentFilesProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.DynamicMenuProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.RecentFilesProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.MenuItemTextComparator
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.RecentFilesProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.RecentFilesProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.ReloadWithEncodingProvider -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenu
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.ReloadWithEncodingProvider -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenuItem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.ReloadWithEncodingProvider -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.ReloadWithEncodingProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.ReloadWithEncodingProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.ReloadWithEncodingProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.ReloadWithEncodingProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.ReloadWithEncodingProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.ReloadWithEncodingProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.EncodingServer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.ReloadWithEncodingProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.ReloadWithEncodingProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.menu.DynamicMenuProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.BufferChanging -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.BufferChanging -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.BufferChanging -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.EditPaneUpdate
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.BufferChanging -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PositionChanging
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.BufferChanging -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.BufferUpdate -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.BufferUpdate -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.BufferUpdate -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.DockableWindowUpdate -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.DockableWindowUpdate -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.DynamicMenuChanged -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.DynamicMenuChanged -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.EditPaneUpdate -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.EditPaneUpdate -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.EditorExitRequested -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.EditorExitRequested -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.EditorExiting -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.EditorExiting -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.EditorStarted -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.EditorStarted -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PluginUpdate -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PluginUpdate -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPlugin
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PluginUpdate -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PluginUpdate -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PositionChanging -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PositionChanging -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.EditPaneUpdate
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PositionChanging -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PropertiesChanged -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PropertiesChanged -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PropertiesChanging -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PropertiesChanging -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.RegisterChanged -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.RegisterChanged -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.RegisterChanged -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Registers
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.SearchSettingsChanged -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.SearchSettingsChanged -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.VFSPathSelected -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.VFSPathSelected -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.VFSUpdate -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.VFSUpdate -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.ViewUpdate -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.ViewUpdate -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AbbrevsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AbbrevsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AbbrevsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AbbrevsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AbbrevsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JCheckBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AbbrevsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComboBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AbbrevsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AbbrevsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AbbrevsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AbbrevsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AbbrevsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTable
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AbbrevsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListSelectionModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AbbrevsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AbbrevsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AbbrevsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ListSelectionEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AbbrevsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ListSelectionListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AbbrevsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.AbstractTableModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AbbrevsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.DefaultTableCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AbbrevsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.JTableHeader
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AbbrevsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableCellEditor
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AbbrevsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AbbrevsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableColumn
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AbbrevsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableColumnModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AbbrevsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AbbrevsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Abbrevs
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AbbrevsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AbbrevsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AbbrevsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Mode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AbbrevsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EditAbbrevDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AbbrevsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RolloverButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AbbrevsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AbbrevsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AppearanceOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JCheckBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AppearanceOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComboBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AppearanceOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AppearanceOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AppearanceOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTextField
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AppearanceOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.LookAndFeel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AppearanceOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.UIManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AppearanceOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AppearanceOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AppearanceOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ServiceManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AppearanceOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AppearanceOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FontSelector
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AppearanceOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.NumericTextField
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AppearanceOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AppearanceOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.IconTheme
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AppearanceOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.IOUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.AppearanceOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BrowserColorsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BrowserColorsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BrowserColorsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BrowserColorsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BrowserColorsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JColorChooser
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BrowserColorsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BrowserColorsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BrowserColorsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BrowserColorsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTable
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BrowserColorsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListSelectionModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BrowserColorsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.UIManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BrowserColorsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BrowserColorsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BrowserColorsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ListSelectionEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BrowserColorsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ListSelectionListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BrowserColorsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.AbstractTableModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BrowserColorsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.JTableHeader
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BrowserColorsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BrowserColorsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableColumn
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BrowserColorsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableColumnModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BrowserColorsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BrowserColorsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BrowserColorsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BrowserColorsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RolloverButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BrowserColorsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BrowserColorsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SyntaxHiliteOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BrowserOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JCheckBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BrowserOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComboBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BrowserOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BrowserOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BufferOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JCheckBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BufferOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComboBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BufferOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BufferOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BufferOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BufferOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BufferOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BufferOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Mode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BufferOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BufferOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.FoldHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BufferOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BufferOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.BufferOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ContextOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.AbstractContextOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ContextOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.DockingOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.DockingOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ComboBoxModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.DockingOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.DefaultCellEditor
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.DockingOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.DefaultComboBoxModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.DockingOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JCheckBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.DockingOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComboBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.DockingOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.DockingOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.DockingOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.DockingOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTable
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.DockingOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.AbstractTableModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.DockingOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.JTableHeader
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.DockingOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableCellEditor
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.DockingOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.DockingOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableColumn
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.DockingOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableColumnModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.DockingOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.DockingOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.DockingOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.DockingOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.DockingOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.EditingOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.EditingOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.EditingOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JCheckBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.EditingOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComboBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.EditingOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.EditingOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTextField
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.EditingOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.EditingOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.EditingOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Mode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.EditingOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.FoldHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.EditingOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.EditingOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.EncodingsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.EncodingsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.EncodingsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JCheckBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.EncodingsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComboBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.EncodingsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTextField
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.EncodingsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.EncodingsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.EncodingsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.EncodingsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.PingPongList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.EncodingsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.EncodingsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.FirewallOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JCheckBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.FirewallOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPasswordField
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.FirewallOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTextField
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.FirewallOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.FirewallOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GeneralOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JCheckBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GeneralOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComboBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GeneralOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTextField
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GeneralOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GeneralOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GeneralOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GeneralOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GlobalOptions -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GlobalOptions -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GlobalOptions -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GlobalOptions -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.OptionGroup
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GlobalOptions -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GlobalOptions -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GlobalOptions -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PropertiesChanging
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GutterOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BorderFactory
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GutterOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GutterOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GutterOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.InputVerifier
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GutterOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JCheckBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GutterOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComboBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GutterOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GutterOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GutterOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GutterOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTextField
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GutterOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GutterOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.TitledBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GutterOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ChangeEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GutterOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ChangeListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GutterOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GutterOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GutterOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ServiceManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GutterOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ColorWellButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GutterOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FontSelector
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GutterOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GutterOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GutterOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.SyntaxUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.IconTheme -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.IconTheme -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.MouseOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JCheckBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.MouseOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComboBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.MouseOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.MouseOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginManagerOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.AbstractButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginManagerOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.AbstractListModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginManagerOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginManagerOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginManagerOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ButtonGroup
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginManagerOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.DefaultListSelectionModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginManagerOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginManagerOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JCheckBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginManagerOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginManagerOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginManagerOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginManagerOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JRadioButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginManagerOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginManagerOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JSpinner
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginManagerOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginManagerOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListSelectionModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginManagerOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SpinnerModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginManagerOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SpinnerNumberModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginManagerOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginManagerOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.TitledBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginManagerOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginManagerOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginManagerOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginManagerOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginManagerOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.MirrorList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginManagerOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.IOUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginManagerOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginManagerOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.ProgressObserver
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginManagerOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Task
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginManagerOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.ThreadUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginOptions -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginOptions -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPlugin
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginOptions -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.OptionGroup
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginOptions -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.OptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginOptions -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.OptionsDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginOptions -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginOptions -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PrintOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JCheckBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PrintOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComboBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PrintOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PrintOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FontSelector
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PrintOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SaveBackupOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SaveBackupOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JCheckBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SaveBackupOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SaveBackupOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTextField
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SaveBackupOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SaveBackupOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SaveBackupOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SaveBackupOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SaveBackupOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SaveBackupOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.NumericTextField
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SaveBackupOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ShortcutsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ShortcutsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ShortcutsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComboBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ShortcutsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ShortcutsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ShortcutsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ShortcutsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ShortcutsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTable
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ShortcutsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTextField
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ShortcutsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.DocumentEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ShortcutsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.DocumentListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ShortcutsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.AbstractTableModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ShortcutsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.JTableHeader
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ShortcutsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableCellEditor
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ShortcutsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ShortcutsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Document
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ShortcutsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ShortcutsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ShortcutsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ShortcutsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ShortcutsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ShortcutsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Macros
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ShortcutsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ShortcutsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FilteredTableModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ShortcutsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.GrabKeyDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ShortcutsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ShortcutsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ShortcutsOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.StatusBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.AbstractButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.StatusBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.StatusBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.StatusBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ButtonGroup
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.StatusBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.DefaultListModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.StatusBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.StatusBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.StatusBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JCheckBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.StatusBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComboBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.StatusBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.StatusBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.StatusBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.StatusBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.StatusBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JRadioButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.StatusBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JRootPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.StatusBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.StatusBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTabbedPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.StatusBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTextField
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.StatusBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.StatusBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListSelectionModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.StatusBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.StatusBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.StatusBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ListSelectionEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.StatusBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ListSelectionListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.StatusBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.StatusBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.StatusBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ServiceManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.StatusBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ColorWellButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.StatusBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EnhancedDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.StatusBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RolloverButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.StatusBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SyntaxHiliteOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SyntaxHiliteOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JFrame
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SyntaxHiliteOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SyntaxHiliteOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SyntaxHiliteOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTable
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SyntaxHiliteOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.UIManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SyntaxHiliteOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SyntaxHiliteOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SyntaxHiliteOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.AbstractTableModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SyntaxHiliteOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.JTableHeader
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SyntaxHiliteOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SyntaxHiliteOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableColumn
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SyntaxHiliteOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableColumnModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SyntaxHiliteOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SyntaxHiliteOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SyntaxHiliteOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SyntaxHiliteOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SyntaxHiliteOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StyleEditor
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SyntaxHiliteOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SyntaxHiliteOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.SyntaxStyle
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SyntaxHiliteOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Token
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.SyntaxHiliteOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.TextAreaOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.TextAreaOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.TextAreaOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.DefaultListCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.TextAreaOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.DefaultListModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.TextAreaOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.TextAreaOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.TextAreaOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JCheckBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.TextAreaOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComboBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.TextAreaOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.TextAreaOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.TextAreaOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.TextAreaOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.TextAreaOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.TextAreaOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.TextAreaOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.TextAreaOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.TextAreaOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.TextAreaOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.ColorWellButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.TextAreaOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FontSelector
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.TextAreaOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.FontSelectorDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.TextAreaOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RolloverButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.TextAreaOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.TextAreaOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.AntiAlias
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.AbstractButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ButtonGroup
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ComboBoxModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.DefaultComboBoxModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.DefaultListCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.DefaultListModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ImageIcon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JCheckBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComboBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JRadioButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JRootPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListSelectionModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ListSelectionEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ListSelectionListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ActionSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EnhancedDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RolloverButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ToolBarOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ViewOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ViewOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ViewOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JCheckBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ViewOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComboBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ViewOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ViewOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ViewOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTextField
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ViewOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ViewOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ViewOptionPane -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.TitledBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ViewOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.AbstractOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ViewOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ViewOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ViewOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.ViewOptionPane -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.AbstractAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Action
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ActionMap
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.InputMap
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JCheckBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JEditorPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollBar
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JSplitPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTable
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTextPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JViewport
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.KeyStroke
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListSelectionModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ListSelectionEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ListSelectionListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.TableModelEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.TableModelListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.AbstractTableModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.DefaultTableCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.JTableHeader
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableColumn
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableColumnModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.EditorKit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.html.HTMLEditorKit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RolloverButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.KeyboardCommand
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManagerProgress
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.Roster
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.ThreadUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.XMLUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.Attributes
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.SAXException
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.helpers.DefaultHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.AbstractAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Action
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ActionMap
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.InputMap
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JCheckBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenuItem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPopupMenu
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollBar
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JSplitPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTable
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JViewport
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.KeyStroke
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListSelectionModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.UIManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ListSelectionEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ListSelectionListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.TableModelEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.AbstractTableModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.DefaultTableCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.JTableHeader
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableColumn
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableColumnModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.table.TableModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPlugin
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JARClassLoader
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSFileChooserDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RolloverButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.help.HelpViewer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FileVFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PropertiesChanged
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.KeyboardCommand
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginDetailPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.Roster
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.IOUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.XMLUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.Attributes
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.SAXException
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.helpers.DefaultHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.MirrorList -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.MirrorList -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.MirrorList -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.MirrorListHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.MirrorList -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.IOUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.MirrorList -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.MirrorList -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.ProgressObserver
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.MirrorList -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.ContentHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.MirrorList -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.DTDHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.MirrorList -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.EntityResolver
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.MirrorList -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.ErrorHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.MirrorList -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.InputSource
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.MirrorList -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.SAXException
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.MirrorList -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.XMLReader
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.MirrorList -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.helpers.XMLReaderFactory
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.MirrorListHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginOptions
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.MirrorListHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.MirrorList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.MirrorListHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.MirrorListHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.XMLUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.MirrorListHandler -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.Attributes
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.MirrorListHandler -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.InputSource
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.MirrorListHandler -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.helpers.DefaultHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginDetailPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JEditorPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginDetailPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginDetailPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginDetailPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginDetailPanel -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ScrollPaneConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginDetailPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginDetailPanel -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginList -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPlugin
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginList -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginList -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginList -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginList -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.MirrorList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginList -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginListHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginList -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.Roster
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginList -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.IOUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginList -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginList -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.ProgressObserver
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginList -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginList -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Task
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginList -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.ContentHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginList -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.DTDHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginList -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.EntityResolver
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginList -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.ErrorHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginList -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.InputSource
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginList -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.SAXException
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginList -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.XMLReader
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginList -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.helpers.XMLReaderFactory
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginListHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginListHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginListHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.XMLUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginListHandler -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.Attributes
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginListHandler -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.InputSource
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginListHandler -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.helpers.DefaultHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManager -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManager -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManager -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManager -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JFrame
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManager -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManager -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JRootPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManager -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTabbedPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManager -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManager -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManager -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManager -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ChangeEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManager -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ChangeListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PluginUpdate
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PropertiesChanged
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GlobalOptions
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.PluginOptions
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.InstallPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.ManagePanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Task
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.ThreadUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManagerProgress -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManagerProgress -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManagerProgress -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManagerProgress -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JProgressBar
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManagerProgress -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManagerProgress -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManagerProgress -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManagerProgress -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManagerProgress -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManagerProgress -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.Roster
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManagerProgress -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.ProgressObserver
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.Roster -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.Roster -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.Roster -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.Roster -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.Roster -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FileVFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.Roster -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.Roster -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.MirrorList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.Roster -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.PluginManagerProgress
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.Roster -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.IOUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.Roster -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.pluginmgr.Roster -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.ProgressObserver
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrintable -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrintable -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.TabExpander
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrintable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrintable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrintable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrintable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrintable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Chunk
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrintable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.DisplayTokenHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrintable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.SyntaxStyle
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrintable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Token
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrintable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrintable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.DisplayManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrintable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrintable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrintable -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.SyntaxUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrinter1_3 -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrinter1_3 -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrinter1_3 -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrinter1_3 -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrintable
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrinter1_4 -- USES [1] --> javax.print.attribute.Attribute
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrinter1_4 -- USES [1] --> javax.print.attribute.HashPrintRequestAttributeSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrinter1_4 -- USES [1] --> javax.print.attribute.PrintRequestAttributeSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrinter1_4 -- USES [1] --> javax.print.attribute.Size2DSyntax
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrinter1_4 -- USES [1] --> javax.print.attribute.standard.Chromaticity
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrinter1_4 -- USES [1] --> javax.print.attribute.standard.JobName
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrinter1_4 -- USES [1] --> javax.print.attribute.standard.Media
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrinter1_4 -- USES [1] --> javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaPrintableArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrinter1_4 -- USES [1] --> javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSize
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrinter1_4 -- USES [1] --> javax.print.attribute.standard.MediaSizeName
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrinter1_4 -- USES [1] --> javax.print.attribute.standard.OrientationRequested
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrinter1_4 -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrinter1_4 -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrinter1_4 -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrinter1_4 -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrinter1_4 -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrintable
org.gjt.sp.jedit.print.BufferPrinter1_4 -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.proto.jeditresource.Handler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.proto.jeditresource.PluginResURLConnection
org.gjt.sp.jedit.proto.jeditresource.PluginResURLConnection -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JARClassLoader
org.gjt.sp.jedit.proto.jeditresource.PluginResURLConnection -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.proto.jeditresource.PluginResURLConnection -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.PluginJAR
org.gjt.sp.jedit.proto.jeditresource.PluginResURLConnection -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.AllBufferSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.AllBufferSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.AllBufferSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.BufferListSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.AllBufferSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.AllBufferSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.BoyerMooreSearchMatcher -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchMatcher
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.BufferListSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.BufferListSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.BufferListSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.BufferListSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.BufferListSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchFileSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.BufferListSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.CurrentBufferSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.CurrentBufferSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.CurrentBufferSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchFileSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.DirectoryListSet -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.DirectoryListSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.DirectoryListSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.DirectoryListSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.DirectoryListSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.BufferListSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.DirectoryListSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.DirectoryListSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchFileNode -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchFileNode -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchFileNode -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchFileNode -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchFileNode -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchFileNode -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchNode -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchNode -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchNode -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchOperationNode -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTree
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchOperationNode -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.DefaultMutableTreeNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchOperationNode -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.DefaultTreeModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchOperationNode -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.MutableTreeNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchOperationNode -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.TreeModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchOperationNode -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.TreeNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchOperationNode -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.TreePath
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchOperationNode -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchFileNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchOperationNode -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchFolderNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchOperationNode -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchMatcher
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchRequest -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchRequest -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.DefaultMutableTreeNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchRequest -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.MutableTreeNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchFileNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchOperationNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResult
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchFileSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchMatcher
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Selection
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Task
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.ThreadUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResult -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Position
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResult -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResult -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResult -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResult -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResult -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResult -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResult -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.BufferUpdate
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResult -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResult -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResult -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Selection
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResult -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.ThreadUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.AbstractAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Action
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.InputMap
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JCheckBoxMenuItem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JFrame
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenuItem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPopupMenu
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JTree
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.KeyStroke
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.TransferHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.UIManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.DefaultMutableTreeNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.DefaultTreeCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.DefaultTreeModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.MutableTreeNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.TreeCellRenderer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.TreeModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.TreeNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.TreePath
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.OperatingSystem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DefaultFocusComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RolloverButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StyleEditor
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.BufferUpdate
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.DirectoryListSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchFileNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchFolderNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchOperationNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResult
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchTreeNodeCallback
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchFileSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchMatcher
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.SyntaxStyle
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.HtmlUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.SyntaxUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchTreeNodeCallback -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.tree.DefaultMutableTreeNode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.PatternSearchMatcher -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchMatcher
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.PatternSearchMatcher -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.ReverseCharSequence
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.BeanShell
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Macros
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.TextUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshClassManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.BshMethod
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.NameSpace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bsh.UtilEvalError
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSetManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.DockableWindowManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.TextAreaDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PositionChanging
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.SearchSettingsChanged
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.BoyerMooreSearchMatcher
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.CurrentBufferSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchRequest
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.HyperSearchResults
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.PatternSearchMatcher
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchFileSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchMatcher
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Selection
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.ReverseCharSequence
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Task
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.ThreadUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Icon
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JCheckBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JToolBar
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Timer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.DocumentEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.DocumentListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchBar -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Document
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryTextField
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.RolloverButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.StatusBar
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.CurrentBufferSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchFileSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.SyntaxStyle
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Selection
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchBar -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.AbstractButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ButtonGroup
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JCheckBox
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JLabel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JOptionPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPanel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JRadioButton
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JRootPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.EmptyBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Debug
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.MiscUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.OperatingSystem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.EnhancedDialog
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryModel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.HistoryTextField
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.VariableGridLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.SearchSettingsChanged
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.AllBufferSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.CurrentBufferSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.DirectoryListSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchAndReplace
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchFileSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchDialog -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.search.SearchFileSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Chunk -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Segment
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Chunk -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.TabExpander
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Chunk -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Debug
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Chunk -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.IPropertyManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Chunk -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ParserRuleSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Chunk -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.SyntaxStyle
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Chunk -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Token
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.DefaultTokenHandler -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Segment
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.DefaultTokenHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ParserRuleSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.DefaultTokenHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Token
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.DefaultTokenHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.DefaultTokenHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenMarker
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.DisplayTokenHandler -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Segment
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.DisplayTokenHandler -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.TabExpander
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.DisplayTokenHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Chunk
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.DisplayTokenHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.DefaultTokenHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.DisplayTokenHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ParserRuleSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.DisplayTokenHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.SyntaxStyle
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.DisplayTokenHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Token
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.DisplayTokenHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenMarker
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.DummyTokenHandler -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Segment
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.DummyTokenHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.DummyTokenHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenMarker
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.KeywordMap -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Segment
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.KeywordMap -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.SyntaxUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.KeywordMap -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Token
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ModeProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Mode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ModeProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenMarker
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ModeProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.XModeHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ModeProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.IOUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ModeProvider -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ModeProvider -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.ContentHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ModeProvider -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.DTDHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ModeProvider -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.EntityResolver
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ModeProvider -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.ErrorHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ModeProvider -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.InputSource
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ModeProvider -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.SAXException
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ModeProvider -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.XMLReader
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ModeProvider -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.helpers.XMLReaderFactory
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ParserRule -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ParserRuleSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ParserRule -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Token
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ParserRuleSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.KeywordMap
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ParserRuleSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ParserRule
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ParserRuleSet -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Token
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.SyntaxUtilities -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Segment
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Token -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ParserRuleSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenHandler -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Segment
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenMarker
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenMarker -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Segment
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenMarker -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.TextUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenMarker -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.KeywordMap
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenMarker -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ParserRule
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenMarker -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ParserRuleSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenMarker -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.SyntaxUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenMarker -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Token
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenMarker -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenMarker -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.SegmentCharSequence
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenMarker -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.XModeHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Mode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.XModeHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.KeywordMap
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.XModeHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ModeProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.XModeHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ParserRule
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.XModeHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ParserRuleSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.XModeHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Token
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.XModeHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenMarker
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.XModeHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.XModeHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.XMLUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.XModeHandler -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.Attributes
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.XModeHandler -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.InputSource
org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.XModeHandler -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.helpers.DefaultHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Anchor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Debug
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Anchor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.DisplayManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Anchor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ScreenLineManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Anchor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Anchor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.BufferHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Debug
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.BufferHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.BufferListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.BufferHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.BufferHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ChunkCache
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.BufferHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.DisplayManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.BufferHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.FirstLine
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.BufferHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.RangeMap
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.BufferHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ScreenLineManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.BufferHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ScrollLineCount
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.BufferHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Selection
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.BufferHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ChunkCache -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.TabExpander
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ChunkCache -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Debug
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ChunkCache -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ChunkCache -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Chunk
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ChunkCache -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.DisplayTokenHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ChunkCache -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.SyntaxStyle
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ChunkCache -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ChunkCache -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenMarker
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ChunkCache -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.DisplayManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ChunkCache -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.FirstLine
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ChunkCache -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ChunkCache -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ChunkCache -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.CircleFoldPainter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ShapedFoldPainter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.DisplayManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Debug
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.DisplayManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.BufferListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.DisplayManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.FoldHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.DisplayManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.IndentFoldHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.DisplayManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.DisplayManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.BufferHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.DisplayManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ChunkCache
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.DisplayManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.FirstLine
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.DisplayManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.RangeMap
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.DisplayManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ScreenLineManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.DisplayManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ScrollLineCount
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.DisplayManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.DisplayManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ExtensionManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ChunkCache
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ExtensionManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ExtensionManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaExtension
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ExtensionManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.FirstLine -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Debug
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.FirstLine -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.FirstLine -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Anchor
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.FirstLine -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.DisplayManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.FirstLine -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.FirstLine -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.FoldPainter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.FoldPainter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ToolTipManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.CompoundBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.MatteBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.MouseInputAdapter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.BufferAdapter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.BufferListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ChunkCache
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.DisplayManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ExtensionManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.FoldPainter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.GutterPopupHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.MouseActionsProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Selection
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StructureMatcher
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaExtension
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaMouseHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TriangleFoldPainter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.InputMethodSupport -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.InputMethodSupport -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Selection
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.InputMethodSupport -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.InputMethodSupport -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaExtension
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.InputMethodSupport -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditEmbeddedTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditEmbeddedTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.IPropertyManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditEmbeddedTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Mode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditEmbeddedTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditEmbeddedTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.InputHandlerProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditEmbeddedTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditEmbeddedTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ModeProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditEmbeddedTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditEmbeddedTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenuItem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPopupMenu
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Abbrevs
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.IPropertyManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Macros
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.ServiceManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.TextUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.InputHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.AbstractInputHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.InputHandlerProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PositionChanging
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.options.GlobalOptions
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.FoldPainter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Selection
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaException
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.MouseActions -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.IPropertyManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.MouseActions -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.gui.KeyEventTranslator
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.MouseActions -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.MouseActionsProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.MouseHandler -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPopupMenu
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.MouseHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EBMessage
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.MouseHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditBus
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.MouseHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.OperatingSystem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.MouseHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Registers
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.MouseHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.MouseHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.AbstractInputHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.MouseHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.msg.PositionChanging
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.MouseHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.MouseHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Selection
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.MouseHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.SelectionManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.MouseHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.MouseHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaMouseHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.MouseHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.RangeMap -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Debug
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.RangeMap -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ScreenLineManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Debug
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ScreenLineManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ScreenLineManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ScrollLayout -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ScrollLayout -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ScrollLineCount -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Debug
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ScrollLineCount -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ScrollLineCount -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Anchor
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ScrollLineCount -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.DisplayManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ScrollLineCount -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ScrollLineCount -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ScrollListener -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Selection -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Selection -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.SelectionManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.SelectionManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.DisplayManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.SelectionManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Selection
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.SelectionManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ShapedFoldPainter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ShapedFoldPainter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.FoldPainter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ShapedFoldPainter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.SquareFoldPainter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ShapedFoldPainter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.AbstractAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Action
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JFrame
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JMenuItem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPopupMenu
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.WindowConstants
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.MouseInputAdapter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.IPropertyManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditAbstractEditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditActionContext
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditActionSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditBeanShellAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Mode
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.DefaultFoldHandlerProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.DummyFoldHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.ExplicitFoldHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.FoldHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.FoldHandlerProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.IndentFoldHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.KillRing
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.JEditTransferableService
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.RichJEditTextTransferableService
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.StringTransferableService
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.datatransfer.TransferHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.AbstractInputHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.InputHandlerProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Chunk
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ModeProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.ParserRuleSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.SyntaxStyle
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenMarker
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.AntiAlias
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaMouseHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.IOUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StandaloneTextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.SyntaxUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StatusListener -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StructureMatcher -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.TextUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StructureMatcher -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StructureMatcher -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StructureMatcher -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaExtension
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StructureMatcher -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Box
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.BoxLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JPopupMenu
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JScrollBar
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.LookAndFeel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.Timer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ToolTipManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.TransferHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.UIManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.Border
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.CaretEvent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.CaretListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.EventListenerList
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.MouseInputAdapter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalLookAndFeel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Segment
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Debug
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.IPropertyManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditAbstractEditAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditActionContext
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditActionSet
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.JEditBeanShellAction
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.TextUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.AbstractInputHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.DefaultInputHandlerProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.InputHandlerProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.TextAreaInputHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Chunk
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.DefaultTokenHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Token
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ChunkCache
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.DisplayManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.FirstLine
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.FoldPainter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.InputMethodSupport
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.MouseActions
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.MouseActionsProvider
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ScrollLayout
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ScrollListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Selection
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.SelectionManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StatusListener
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StructureMatcher
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaDropHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaException
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaMouseHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TriangleFoldPainter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.ThreadUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaBorder -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.border.AbstractBorder
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaBorder -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.plaf.ColorUIResource
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaBorder -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.plaf.metal.MetalLookAndFeel
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaDropHandler -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaDropHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaDropHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaDropHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaDropHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaMouseHandler -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.MouseInputAdapter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaMouseHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.OperatingSystem
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaMouseHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.TextUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaMouseHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaMouseHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.input.AbstractInputHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaMouseHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ChunkCache
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaMouseHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Selection
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaMouseHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.SelectionManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaMouseHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaMouseHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaMouseHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.TabExpander
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Debug
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.FoldHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.IndentFoldHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Chunk
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.DefaultTokenHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.SyntaxStyle
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Token
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.TokenHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.AntiAlias
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ChunkCache
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.DisplayManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.ExtensionManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Selection
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.SelectionManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.StructureMatcher
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaExtension
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaPainter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaTransferHandler -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.JComponent
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaTransferHandler -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.TransferHandler
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaTransferHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.Buffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaTransferHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaTransferHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.GUIUtilities
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaTransferHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaTransferHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.browser.VFSBrowser
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaTransferHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaTransferHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.bufferset.BufferSetManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaTransferHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.FileVFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaTransferHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFS
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaTransferHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.io.VFSManager
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaTransferHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.jEdit
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaTransferHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaTransferHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Selection
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaTransferHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaTransferHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TextAreaTransferHandler -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.WorkRequest
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TriangleFoldPainter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.buffer.JEditBuffer
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TriangleFoldPainter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.FoldPainter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.TriangleFoldPainter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.Gutter
org.gjt.sp.jedit.visitors.JEditVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.visitors.JEditVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.visitors.JEditVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.visitors.JEditVisitorAdapter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.visitors.JEditVisitorAdapter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.View
org.gjt.sp.jedit.visitors.JEditVisitorAdapter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.textarea.JEditTextArea
org.gjt.sp.jedit.visitors.JEditVisitorAdapter -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.visitors.JEditVisitor
org.gjt.sp.jedit.visitors.SaveCaretInfoVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.EditPane
org.gjt.sp.jedit.visitors.SaveCaretInfoVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.visitors.JEditVisitorAdapter
org.gjt.sp.util.HtmlUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.SyntaxStyle
org.gjt.sp.util.HtmlUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.SyntaxUtilities
org.gjt.sp.util.IOUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.util.IOUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.ProgressObserver
org.gjt.sp.util.IOUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.util.Log -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.ListModel
org.gjt.sp.util.Log -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingUtilities
org.gjt.sp.util.Log -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ListDataEvent
org.gjt.sp.util.Log -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.ListDataListener
org.gjt.sp.util.PropertiesBean -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.util.SegmentBuffer -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Segment
org.gjt.sp.util.SegmentCharSequence -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Segment
org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.text.Segment
org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.util.SyntaxUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.IPropertyManager
org.gjt.sp.util.SyntaxUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.SyntaxStyle
org.gjt.sp.util.SyntaxUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.jedit.syntax.Token
org.gjt.sp.util.SyntaxUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.util.SyntaxUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.StandardUtilities
org.gjt.sp.util.Task -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.SwingWorker
org.gjt.sp.util.Task -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.util.Task -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.ProgressObserver
org.gjt.sp.util.Task -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.TaskManager
org.gjt.sp.util.TaskListener -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Task
org.gjt.sp.util.TaskManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Task
org.gjt.sp.util.TaskManager -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.TaskListener
org.gjt.sp.util.ThreadUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.util.ThreadUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Task
org.gjt.sp.util.ThreadUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.TaskManager
org.gjt.sp.util.WorkRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.ProgressObserver
org.gjt.sp.util.WorkRequest -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.WorkThread
org.gjt.sp.util.WorkThread -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.util.WorkThread -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.ThreadAbortMonitor
org.gjt.sp.util.WorkThread -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.WorkThreadPool
org.gjt.sp.util.WorkThreadPool -- USES [1] --> javax.swing.event.EventListenerList
org.gjt.sp.util.WorkThreadPool -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.util.WorkThreadPool -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.ThreadUtilities
org.gjt.sp.util.WorkThreadPool -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.WorkThread
org.gjt.sp.util.WorkThreadPool -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.WorkThreadProgressListener
org.gjt.sp.util.WorkThreadProgressListener -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.WorkThreadPool
org.gjt.sp.util.XMLUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.gjt.sp.util.Log
org.gjt.sp.util.XMLUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.ContentHandler
org.gjt.sp.util.XMLUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.DTDHandler
org.gjt.sp.util.XMLUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.EntityResolver
org.gjt.sp.util.XMLUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.ErrorHandler
org.gjt.sp.util.XMLUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.InputSource
org.gjt.sp.util.XMLUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.SAXException
org.gjt.sp.util.XMLUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.SAXParseException
org.gjt.sp.util.XMLUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.XMLReader
org.gjt.sp.util.XMLUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.helpers.DefaultHandler
org.gjt.sp.util.XMLUtilities -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.helpers.XMLReaderFactory

Module : velocity_1.5
 Package : org.apache.velocity
  Type : org.apache.velocity.Template
  Type : org.apache.velocity.VelocityContext
 Package : org.apache.velocity.anakia
  Type : org.apache.velocity.anakia.AnakiaElement
  Type : org.apache.velocity.anakia.AnakiaJDOMFactory
  Type : org.apache.velocity.anakia.AnakiaTask
  Type : org.apache.velocity.anakia.Escape
  Type : org.apache.velocity.anakia.NodeList
  Type : org.apache.velocity.anakia.OutputWrapper
  Type : org.apache.velocity.anakia.TreeWalker
  Type : org.apache.velocity.anakia.XPathCache
  Type : org.apache.velocity.anakia.XPathTool
 Package : org.apache.velocity.app
  Type : org.apache.velocity.app.FieldMethodizer
  Type : org.apache.velocity.app.Velocity
  Type : org.apache.velocity.app.VelocityEngine
 Package : org.apache.velocity.app.event
  Type : org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventCartridge
  Type : org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventHandler
  Type : org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventHandlerMethodExecutor
  Type : org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventHandlerUtil
  Type : org.apache.velocity.app.event.IncludeEventHandler
  Type : org.apache.velocity.app.event.InvalidReferenceEventHandler
  Type : org.apache.velocity.app.event.MethodExceptionEventHandler
  Type : org.apache.velocity.app.event.NullSetEventHandler
  Type : org.apache.velocity.app.event.ReferenceInsertionEventHandler
 Package : org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement
  Type : org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.EscapeHtmlReference
  Type : org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.EscapeJavaScriptReference
  Type : org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.EscapeReference
  Type : org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.EscapeSqlReference
  Type : org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.EscapeXmlReference
  Type : org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.IncludeNotFound
  Type : org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.IncludeRelativePath
  Type : org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.InvalidReferenceInfo
  Type : org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.PrintExceptions
  Type : org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.ReportInvalidReferences
 Package : org.apache.velocity.app.tools
  Type : org.apache.velocity.app.tools.VelocityFormatter
 Package : org.apache.velocity.context
  Type : org.apache.velocity.context.AbstractContext
  Type : org.apache.velocity.context.Context
  Type : org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
  Type : org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapterImpl
  Type : org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextBase
  Type : org.apache.velocity.context.InternalEventContext
  Type : org.apache.velocity.context.InternalHousekeepingContext
  Type : org.apache.velocity.context.InternalWrapperContext
  Type : org.apache.velocity.context.VMContext
 Package : org.apache.velocity.convert
  Type : org.apache.velocity.convert.WebMacro
 Package : org.apache.velocity.exception
  Type : org.apache.velocity.exception.ExtendedParseException
  Type : org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
  Type : org.apache.velocity.exception.ParseErrorException
  Type : org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
  Type : org.apache.velocity.exception.TemplateInitException
  Type : org.apache.velocity.exception.VelocityException
 Package : org.apache.velocity.io
  Type : org.apache.velocity.io.UnicodeInputStream
  Type : org.apache.velocity.io.VelocityWriter
 Package : org.apache.velocity.runtime
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.ParserPool
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.ParserPoolImpl
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.Runtime
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeConstants
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeInstance
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeLogger
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeSingleton
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.VelocimacroFactory
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.VelocimacroManager
 Package : org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Directive
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.DirectiveConstants
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Foreach
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Include
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.InputBase
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Literal
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Macro
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.MacroParseException
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Parse
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.VMProxyArg
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.VelocimacroProxy
 Package : org.apache.velocity.runtime.log
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.AvalonLogChute
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.AvalonLogSystem
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.HoldingLogChute
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.JdkLogChute
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log4JLogChute
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log4JLogSystem
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogChute
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogChuteSystem
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogDisplayWrapper
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogManager
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogSystem
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.NullLogChute
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.NullLogSystem
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.PrimordialLogSystem
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.RuntimeLoggerLog
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.SimpleLog4JLogSystem
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.SystemLogChute
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.VelocityFormatter
 Package : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.CharStream
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.JJTParserState
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParseException
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserConstants
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserTokenManager
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserTreeConstants
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.TemplateParseException
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Token
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.TokenMgrError
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.VelocityCharStream
 Package : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTAddNode
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTAndNode
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTAssignment
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTBlock
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTComment
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTDirective
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTDivNode
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTEQNode
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTElseIfStatement
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTElseStatement
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTEscape
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTEscapedDirective
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTExpression
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTFalse
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTFloatingPointLiteral
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTGENode
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTGTNode
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIdentifier
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIfStatement
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIncludeStatement
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIntegerLiteral
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIntegerRange
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTLENode
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTLTNode
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMap
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMethod
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTModNode
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMulNode
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTNENode
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTNotNode
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTObjectArray
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTOrNode
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTParameters
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTReference
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTSetDirective
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTStop
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTStringLiteral
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTSubtractNode
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTText
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTTrue
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTVariable
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTWord
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTprocess
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.AbstractExecutor
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.BooleanPropertyExecutor
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.GetExecutor
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.MapGetExecutor
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.MapSetExecutor
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.MathUtils
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.NodeUtils
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.PropertyExecutor
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.PutExecutor
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SetExecutor
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SetPropertyExecutor
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
 Package : org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ContentResource
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.Resource
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceCache
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceCacheImpl
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceFactory
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceManager
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceManagerImpl
 Package : org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.ClasspathResourceLoader
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.DataSourceResourceLoader
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.FileResourceLoader
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.JarHolder
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.JarResourceLoader
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.ResourceLoader
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.ResourceLoaderFactory
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.StringResourceLoader
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.URLResourceLoader
 Package : org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.util
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.util.StringResource
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.util.StringResourceRepository
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.util.StringResourceRepositoryImpl
 Package : org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode
  Type : org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.VMReferenceMungeVisitor
 Package : org.apache.velocity.servlet
  Type : org.apache.velocity.servlet.VelocityServlet
 Package : org.apache.velocity.texen
  Type : org.apache.velocity.texen.Generator
 Package : org.apache.velocity.texen.ant
  Type : org.apache.velocity.texen.ant.TexenTask
 Package : org.apache.velocity.texen.util
  Type : org.apache.velocity.texen.util.FileUtil
  Type : org.apache.velocity.texen.util.PropertiesUtil
 Package : org.apache.velocity.util
  Type : org.apache.velocity.util.ArrayIterator
  Type : org.apache.velocity.util.ClassUtils
  Type : org.apache.velocity.util.ContextAware
  Type : org.apache.velocity.util.EnumerationIterator
  Type : org.apache.velocity.util.ExceptionUtils
  Type : org.apache.velocity.util.RuntimeServicesAware
  Type : org.apache.velocity.util.SimplePool
  Type : org.apache.velocity.util.StringUtils
  Type : org.apache.velocity.util.TemplateNumber
 Package : org.apache.velocity.util.introspection
  Type : org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.ClassMap
  Type : org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Info
  Type : org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.IntrospectionCacheData
  Type : org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Introspector
  Type : org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.IntrospectorBase
  Type : org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.IntrospectorCache
  Type : org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.IntrospectorCacheImpl
  Type : org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.IntrospectorCacheListener
  Type : org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.MethodMap
  Type : org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.SecureIntrospectorControl
  Type : org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.SecureIntrospectorImpl
  Type : org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.SecureUberspector
  Type : org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Uberspect
  Type : org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.UberspectImpl
  Type : org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.UberspectLoggable
  Type : org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.VelMethod
  Type : org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.VelPropertyGet
  Type : org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.VelPropertySet
org.apache.velocity.Template -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.VelocityContext
org.apache.velocity.Template -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.Context
org.apache.velocity.Template -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.Template -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapterImpl
org.apache.velocity.Template -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.Template -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ParseErrorException
org.apache.velocity.Template -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
org.apache.velocity.Template -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.TemplateInitException
org.apache.velocity.Template -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.VelocityException
org.apache.velocity.Template -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.Template -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParseException
org.apache.velocity.Template -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.Template -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.Resource
org.apache.velocity.Template -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.ResourceLoader
org.apache.velocity.VelocityContext -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.AbstractContext
org.apache.velocity.VelocityContext -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.Context
org.apache.velocity.anakia.AnakiaElement -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.anakia.NodeList
org.apache.velocity.anakia.AnakiaElement -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.anakia.XPathCache
org.apache.velocity.anakia.AnakiaJDOMFactory -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.anakia.AnakiaElement
org.apache.velocity.anakia.AnakiaTask -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.Template
org.apache.velocity.anakia.AnakiaTask -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.VelocityContext
org.apache.velocity.anakia.AnakiaTask -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.anakia.AnakiaJDOMFactory
org.apache.velocity.anakia.AnakiaTask -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.anakia.Escape
org.apache.velocity.anakia.AnakiaTask -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.anakia.OutputWrapper
org.apache.velocity.anakia.AnakiaTask -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.anakia.TreeWalker
org.apache.velocity.anakia.AnakiaTask -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.anakia.XPathTool
org.apache.velocity.anakia.AnakiaTask -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.VelocityEngine
org.apache.velocity.anakia.AnakiaTask -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.Context
org.apache.velocity.anakia.AnakiaTask -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.StringUtils
org.apache.velocity.anakia.AnakiaTask -- USES [1] --> org.xml.sax.SAXParseException
org.apache.velocity.anakia.NodeList -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.anakia.XPathCache
org.apache.velocity.anakia.TreeWalker -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.anakia.NodeList
org.apache.velocity.anakia.XPathTool -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.anakia.NodeList
org.apache.velocity.anakia.XPathTool -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.anakia.XPathCache
org.apache.velocity.app.FieldMethodizer -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.ClassUtils
org.apache.velocity.app.Velocity -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.Template
org.apache.velocity.app.Velocity -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.Context
org.apache.velocity.app.Velocity -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.app.Velocity -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapterImpl
org.apache.velocity.app.Velocity -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.app.Velocity -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ParseErrorException
org.apache.velocity.app.Velocity -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
org.apache.velocity.app.Velocity -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.TemplateInitException
org.apache.velocity.app.Velocity -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.VelocityException
org.apache.velocity.app.Velocity -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeConstants
org.apache.velocity.app.Velocity -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeInstance
org.apache.velocity.app.Velocity -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.app.Velocity -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeSingleton
org.apache.velocity.app.Velocity -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.app.Velocity -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParseException
org.apache.velocity.app.Velocity -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.app.VelocityEngine -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.Template
org.apache.velocity.app.VelocityEngine -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.Context
org.apache.velocity.app.VelocityEngine -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.app.VelocityEngine -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapterImpl
org.apache.velocity.app.VelocityEngine -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.app.VelocityEngine -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ParseErrorException
org.apache.velocity.app.VelocityEngine -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
org.apache.velocity.app.VelocityEngine -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.TemplateInitException
org.apache.velocity.app.VelocityEngine -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.VelocityException
org.apache.velocity.app.VelocityEngine -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeConstants
org.apache.velocity.app.VelocityEngine -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeInstance
org.apache.velocity.app.VelocityEngine -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.app.VelocityEngine -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParseException
org.apache.velocity.app.VelocityEngine -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventCartridge -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventHandler
org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventCartridge -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.IncludeEventHandler
org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventCartridge -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.InvalidReferenceEventHandler
org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventCartridge -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.MethodExceptionEventHandler
org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventCartridge -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.NullSetEventHandler
org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventCartridge -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.ReferenceInsertionEventHandler
org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventCartridge -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.Context
org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventCartridge -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalEventContext
org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventCartridge -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventCartridge -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.RuntimeServicesAware
org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventHandlerMethodExecutor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventHandler
org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventHandlerUtil -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventCartridge
org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventHandlerUtil -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventHandler
org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventHandlerUtil -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventHandlerMethodExecutor
org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventHandlerUtil -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.IncludeEventHandler
org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventHandlerUtil -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.InvalidReferenceEventHandler
org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventHandlerUtil -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.MethodExceptionEventHandler
org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventHandlerUtil -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.NullSetEventHandler
org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventHandlerUtil -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.ReferenceInsertionEventHandler
org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventHandlerUtil -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.Context
org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventHandlerUtil -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventHandlerUtil -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventHandlerUtil -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.ExceptionUtils
org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventHandlerUtil -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Info
org.apache.velocity.app.event.IncludeEventHandler -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventHandler
org.apache.velocity.app.event.InvalidReferenceEventHandler -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventHandler
org.apache.velocity.app.event.InvalidReferenceEventHandler -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.Context
org.apache.velocity.app.event.InvalidReferenceEventHandler -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Info
org.apache.velocity.app.event.MethodExceptionEventHandler -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventHandler
org.apache.velocity.app.event.NullSetEventHandler -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventHandler
org.apache.velocity.app.event.ReferenceInsertionEventHandler -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventHandler
org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.EscapeHtmlReference -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.EscapeReference
org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.EscapeJavaScriptReference -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.EscapeReference
org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.EscapeReference -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.ReferenceInsertionEventHandler
org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.EscapeReference -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.EscapeReference -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.EscapeReference -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.RuntimeServicesAware
org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.EscapeReference -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.StringUtils
org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.EscapeSqlReference -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.EscapeReference
org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.EscapeXmlReference -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.EscapeReference
org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.IncludeNotFound -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.IncludeEventHandler
org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.IncludeNotFound -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.IncludeNotFound -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.IncludeNotFound -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.RuntimeServicesAware
org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.IncludeNotFound -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.StringUtils
org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.IncludeRelativePath -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.IncludeEventHandler
org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.InvalidReferenceInfo -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Info
org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.PrintExceptions -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.MethodExceptionEventHandler
org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.PrintExceptions -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.PrintExceptions -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.RuntimeServicesAware
org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.ReportInvalidReferences -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.InvalidReferenceEventHandler
org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.ReportInvalidReferences -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.InvalidReferenceInfo
org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.ReportInvalidReferences -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.Context
org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.ReportInvalidReferences -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ParseErrorException
org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.ReportInvalidReferences -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.ReportInvalidReferences -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.RuntimeServicesAware
org.apache.velocity.app.event.implement.ReportInvalidReferences -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Info
org.apache.velocity.app.tools.VelocityFormatter -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.Context
org.apache.velocity.context.AbstractContext -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventCartridge
org.apache.velocity.context.AbstractContext -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.Context
org.apache.velocity.context.AbstractContext -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextBase
org.apache.velocity.context.AbstractContext -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalEventContext
org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.Context
org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalEventContext
org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalHousekeepingContext
org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalWrapperContext
org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapterImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventCartridge
org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapterImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.Context
org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapterImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapterImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextBase
org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapterImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalEventContext
org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapterImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalHousekeepingContext
org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapterImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.Resource
org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapterImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.IntrospectionCacheData
org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextBase -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventCartridge
org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextBase -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalEventContext
org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextBase -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalHousekeepingContext
org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextBase -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.Resource
org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextBase -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.IntrospectionCacheData
org.apache.velocity.context.InternalEventContext -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventCartridge
org.apache.velocity.context.InternalHousekeepingContext -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.Resource
org.apache.velocity.context.InternalHousekeepingContext -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.IntrospectionCacheData
org.apache.velocity.context.InternalWrapperContext -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.Context
org.apache.velocity.context.InternalWrapperContext -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.context.VMContext -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventCartridge
org.apache.velocity.context.VMContext -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.Context
org.apache.velocity.context.VMContext -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.context.VMContext -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.context.VMContext -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.context.VMContext -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.VMProxyArg
org.apache.velocity.context.VMContext -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.Resource
org.apache.velocity.context.VMContext -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.IntrospectionCacheData
org.apache.velocity.convert.WebMacro -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.StringUtils
org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ExtendedParseException
org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.VelocityException
org.apache.velocity.exception.ParseErrorException -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ExtendedParseException
org.apache.velocity.exception.ParseErrorException -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.VelocityException
org.apache.velocity.exception.ParseErrorException -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParseException
org.apache.velocity.exception.ParseErrorException -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Token
org.apache.velocity.exception.ParseErrorException -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Info
org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.VelocityException
org.apache.velocity.exception.TemplateInitException -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ExtendedParseException
org.apache.velocity.exception.TemplateInitException -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.VelocityException
org.apache.velocity.exception.TemplateInitException -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParseException
org.apache.velocity.exception.VelocityException -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.ExceptionUtils
org.apache.velocity.io.UnicodeInputStream -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.ExceptionUtils
org.apache.velocity.runtime.ParserPool -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.ParserPool -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.ParserPoolImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.ParserPool
org.apache.velocity.runtime.ParserPoolImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.ParserPoolImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.ParserPoolImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.ParserPoolImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.SimplePool
org.apache.velocity.runtime.Runtime -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.Template
org.apache.velocity.runtime.Runtime -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ParseErrorException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.Runtime -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.Runtime -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeConstants
org.apache.velocity.runtime.Runtime -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeSingleton
org.apache.velocity.runtime.Runtime -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Directive
org.apache.velocity.runtime.Runtime -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParseException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.Runtime -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.Runtime -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ContentResource
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeInstance -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.Template
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeInstance -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventCartridge
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeInstance -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventHandler
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeInstance -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.IncludeEventHandler
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeInstance -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.InvalidReferenceEventHandler
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeInstance -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.MethodExceptionEventHandler
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeInstance -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.NullSetEventHandler
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeInstance -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.ReferenceInsertionEventHandler
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeInstance -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ParseErrorException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeInstance -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeInstance -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.ParserPool
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeInstance -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeConstants
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeInstance -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeInstance -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.VelocimacroFactory
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeInstance -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Directive
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeInstance -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeInstance -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogManager
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeInstance -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParseException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeInstance -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeInstance -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeInstance -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ContentResource
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeInstance -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.Resource
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeInstance -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceManager
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeInstance -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.ClassUtils
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeInstance -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.RuntimeServicesAware
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeInstance -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.StringUtils
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeInstance -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Introspector
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeInstance -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Uberspect
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeInstance -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.UberspectLoggable
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.Template
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventCartridge
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ParseErrorException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeLogger
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Directive
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParseException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ContentResource
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Introspector
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Uberspect
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeSingleton -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.Template
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeSingleton -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventCartridge
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeSingleton -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ParseErrorException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeSingleton -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeSingleton -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeConstants
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeSingleton -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeInstance
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeSingleton -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeSingleton -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Directive
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeSingleton -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeSingleton -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParseException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeSingleton -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeSingleton -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ContentResource
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeSingleton -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Introspector
org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeSingleton -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Uberspect
org.apache.velocity.runtime.VelocimacroFactory -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.Template
org.apache.velocity.runtime.VelocimacroFactory -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.VelocimacroFactory -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.VelocimacroManager
org.apache.velocity.runtime.VelocimacroFactory -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Directive
org.apache.velocity.runtime.VelocimacroFactory -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Macro
org.apache.velocity.runtime.VelocimacroFactory -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.VelocimacroProxy
org.apache.velocity.runtime.VelocimacroFactory -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.VelocimacroFactory -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogDisplayWrapper
org.apache.velocity.runtime.VelocimacroFactory -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.Resource
org.apache.velocity.runtime.VelocimacroFactory -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.ResourceLoader
org.apache.velocity.runtime.VelocimacroManager -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.VelocimacroManager -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.VelocimacroProxy
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Directive -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Directive -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Directive -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ParseErrorException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Directive -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Directive -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.TemplateInitException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Directive -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Directive -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.DirectiveConstants
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Directive -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Foreach -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Foreach -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Foreach -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ParseErrorException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Foreach -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Foreach -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.TemplateInitException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Foreach -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Foreach -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Directive
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Foreach -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Foreach -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Token
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Foreach -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTReference
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Foreach -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Foreach -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Foreach -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Info
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Foreach -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Uberspect
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Include -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventHandlerUtil
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Include -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Include -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Include -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Include -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.TemplateInitException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Include -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Include -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.InputBase
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Include -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Include -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Include -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ContentResource
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Include -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.Resource
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.InputBase -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.InputBase -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.InputBase -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Directive
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.InputBase -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.Resource
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Literal -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Literal -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.TemplateInitException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Literal -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Literal -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Directive
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Literal -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Macro -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Macro -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.TemplateInitException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Macro -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Macro -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Directive
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Macro -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.MacroParseException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Macro -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Macro -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParseException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Macro -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserTreeConstants
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Macro -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Token
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Macro -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Macro -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.NodeUtils
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.MacroParseException -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ExtendedParseException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.MacroParseException -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParseException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.MacroParseException -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Token
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Parse -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.Template
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Parse -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventHandlerUtil
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Parse -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Parse -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Parse -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ParseErrorException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Parse -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Parse -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Parse -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.InputBase
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Parse -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Parse -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Parse -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.VMProxyArg -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.VelocityContext
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.VMProxyArg -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.Context
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.VMProxyArg -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.VMProxyArg -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapterImpl
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.VMProxyArg -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.VMProxyArg -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.VMProxyArg -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.VMProxyArg -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserTreeConstants
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.VMProxyArg -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTReference
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.VMProxyArg -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.VMProxyArg -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.VelocimacroProxy -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.VelocimacroProxy -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.VMContext
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.VelocimacroProxy -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.VelocimacroProxy -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.TemplateInitException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.VelocimacroProxy -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.VelocimacroProxy -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Directive
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.VelocimacroProxy -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.VMProxyArg
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.VelocimacroProxy -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.VelocimacroProxy -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.VelocimacroProxy -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Token
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.VelocimacroProxy -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTDirective
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.VelocimacroProxy -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.VelocimacroProxy -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.VelocimacroProxy -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.VMReferenceMungeVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.AvalonLogChute -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.AvalonLogChute -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.AvalonLogChute -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogChute
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.AvalonLogChute -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.VelocityFormatter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.AvalonLogSystem -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.AvalonLogChute
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.AvalonLogSystem -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogSystem
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.HoldingLogChute -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.HoldingLogChute -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogChute
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.JdkLogChute -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.JdkLogChute -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogChute
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.HoldingLogChute
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogChute
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log4JLogChute -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log4JLogChute -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log4JLogChute -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogChute
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log4JLogChute -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.ExceptionUtils
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log4JLogSystem -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log4JLogChute
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log4JLogSystem -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogSystem
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogChute -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogChuteSystem -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogChuteSystem -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogChute
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogChuteSystem -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogSystem
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogChuteSystem -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.StringUtils
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogDisplayWrapper -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogDisplayWrapper -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogChute
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogManager -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogManager -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.HoldingLogChute
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogManager -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogManager -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogChute
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogManager -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogChuteSystem
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogManager -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogSystem
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogManager -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.SystemLogChute
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogManager -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.ClassUtils
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogSystem -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.NullLogChute -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.NullLogChute -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogChute
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.NullLogSystem -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogSystem
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.NullLogSystem -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.NullLogChute
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.PrimordialLogSystem -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.HoldingLogChute
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.PrimordialLogSystem -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogChute
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.PrimordialLogSystem -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogChuteSystem
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.PrimordialLogSystem -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogSystem
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.RuntimeLoggerLog -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeLogger
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.RuntimeLoggerLog -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.RuntimeLoggerLog -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogChute
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.SimpleLog4JLogSystem -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.SimpleLog4JLogSystem -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogSystem
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.SystemLogChute -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.SystemLogChute -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.LogChute
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.JJTParserState -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParseException -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Token
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Directive
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Macro
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.MacroParseException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.CharStream
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.JJTParserState
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParseException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserConstants
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserTokenManager
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserTreeConstants
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.TemplateParseException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Token
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.TokenMgrError
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.VelocityCharStream
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTAddNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTAndNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTAssignment
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTBlock
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTComment
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTDirective
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTDivNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTEQNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTElseIfStatement
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTElseStatement
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTEscape
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTEscapedDirective
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTExpression
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTFalse
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTFloatingPointLiteral
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTGENode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTGTNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIdentifier
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIfStatement
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIntegerLiteral
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIntegerRange
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTLENode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTLTNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMap
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMethod
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTModNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMulNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTNENode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTNotNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTObjectArray
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTOrNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTReference
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTSetDirective
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTStop
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTStringLiteral
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTSubtractNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTText
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTTrue
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTWord
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTprocess
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserTokenManager -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.CharStream
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserTokenManager -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserConstants
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserTokenManager -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Token
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserTokenManager -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.TokenMgrError
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTAddNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTAndNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTAssignment
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTBlock
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTComment
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTDirective
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTDivNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTEQNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTElseIfStatement
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTElseStatement
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTEscape
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTEscapedDirective
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTExpression
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTFalse
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTFloatingPointLiteral
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTGENode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTGTNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIdentifier
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIfStatement
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIntegerLiteral
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIntegerRange
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTLENode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTLTNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMap
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMethod
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTModNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMulNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTNENode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTNotNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTObjectArray
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTOrNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTReference
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTSetDirective
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTStop
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTStringLiteral
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTSubtractNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTText
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTTrue
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTWord
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTprocess
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.TemplateParseException -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ExtendedParseException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.TemplateParseException -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParseException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.TemplateParseException -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Token
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.VelocityCharStream -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.CharStream
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTAddNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTAddNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTAddNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTAddNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTAddNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTAddNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.MathUtils
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTAddNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTAddNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTAddNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.TemplateNumber
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTAndNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTAndNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTAndNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTAndNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTAndNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTAndNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTAndNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTAssignment -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTAssignment -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTAssignment -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTBlock -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTBlock -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTBlock -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ParseErrorException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTBlock -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTBlock -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTBlock -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTBlock -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTBlock -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTComment -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTComment -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTComment -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ParseErrorException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTComment -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTComment -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTComment -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTComment -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Token
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTComment -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTDirective -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTDirective -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTDirective -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ParseErrorException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTDirective -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTDirective -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.TemplateInitException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTDirective -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTDirective -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.directive.Directive
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTDirective -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParseException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTDirective -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTDirective -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTDirective -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTDirective -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTDirective -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.ExceptionUtils
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTDivNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTDivNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTDivNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTDivNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTDivNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTDivNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.MathUtils
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTDivNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTDivNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTDivNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.TemplateNumber
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTEQNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTEQNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTEQNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTEQNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTEQNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTEQNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.MathUtils
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTEQNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTEQNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTEQNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.TemplateNumber
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTElseIfStatement -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTElseIfStatement -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTElseIfStatement -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ParseErrorException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTElseIfStatement -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTElseIfStatement -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTElseIfStatement -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTElseIfStatement -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTElseIfStatement -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTElseStatement -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTElseStatement -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTElseStatement -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTElseStatement -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTEscape -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTEscape -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTEscape -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTEscape -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTEscapedDirective -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTEscapedDirective -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTEscapedDirective -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTEscapedDirective -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Token
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTEscapedDirective -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTExpression -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTExpression -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTExpression -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTExpression -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTExpression -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTExpression -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTFalse -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTFalse -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTFalse -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTFalse -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTFloatingPointLiteral -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTFloatingPointLiteral -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.TemplateInitException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTFloatingPointLiteral -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTFloatingPointLiteral -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTFloatingPointLiteral -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Token
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTFloatingPointLiteral -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTGENode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTGENode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTGENode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTGENode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTGENode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTGENode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.MathUtils
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTGENode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTGENode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTGENode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.TemplateNumber
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTGTNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTGTNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTGTNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTGTNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTGTNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTGTNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.MathUtils
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTGTNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTGTNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTGTNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.TemplateNumber
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIdentifier -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventHandlerUtil
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIdentifier -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIdentifier -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIdentifier -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.TemplateInitException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIdentifier -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIdentifier -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIdentifier -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIdentifier -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIdentifier -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Token
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIdentifier -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIdentifier -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Info
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIdentifier -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.IntrospectionCacheData
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIdentifier -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Uberspect
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIdentifier -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.VelPropertyGet
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIfStatement -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIfStatement -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIfStatement -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ParseErrorException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIfStatement -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIfStatement -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIfStatement -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIfStatement -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIfStatement -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIncludeStatement -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIncludeStatement -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIncludeStatement -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIntegerLiteral -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIntegerLiteral -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.TemplateInitException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIntegerLiteral -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIntegerLiteral -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIntegerLiteral -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Token
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIntegerLiteral -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIntegerRange -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIntegerRange -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIntegerRange -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIntegerRange -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIntegerRange -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIntegerRange -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIntegerRange -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTLENode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTLENode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTLENode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTLENode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTLENode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTLENode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.MathUtils
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTLENode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTLENode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTLENode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.TemplateNumber
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTLTNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTLTNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTLTNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTLTNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTLTNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTLTNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.MathUtils
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTLTNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTLTNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTLTNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.TemplateNumber
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMap -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMap -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMap -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMap -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMap -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMap -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMethod -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventHandlerUtil
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMethod -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMethod -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMethod -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.TemplateInitException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMethod -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMethod -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMethod -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMethod -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMethod -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Token
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMethod -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMethod -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMethod -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Info
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMethod -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.IntrospectionCacheData
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMethod -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Uberspect
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMethod -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.VelMethod
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTModNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTModNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTModNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTModNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTModNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTModNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.MathUtils
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTModNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTModNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTModNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.TemplateNumber
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMulNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMulNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMulNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMulNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMulNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMulNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.MathUtils
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMulNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMulNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMulNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.TemplateNumber
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTNENode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTNENode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTNENode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTNENode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTNENode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTNENode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.MathUtils
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTNENode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTNENode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTNENode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.TemplateNumber
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTNotNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTNotNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTNotNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTNotNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTNotNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTNotNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTObjectArray -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTObjectArray -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTObjectArray -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTObjectArray -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTObjectArray -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTObjectArray -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTOrNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTOrNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTOrNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTOrNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTOrNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTOrNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTParameters -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTParameters -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTParameters -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTReference -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventHandlerUtil
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTReference -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.Context
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTReference -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTReference -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTReference -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.TemplateInitException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTReference -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTReference -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTReference -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTReference -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTReference -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Token
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTReference -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMethod
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTReference -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTReference -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTReference -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Info
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTReference -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Uberspect
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTReference -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.VelPropertySet
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTSetDirective -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.event.EventHandlerUtil
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTSetDirective -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTSetDirective -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTSetDirective -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.TemplateInitException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTSetDirective -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTSetDirective -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTSetDirective -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTSetDirective -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTSetDirective -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Token
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTSetDirective -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTExpression
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTSetDirective -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTReference
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTSetDirective -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTSetDirective -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTSetDirective -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Info
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTStop -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTStop -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTStop -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ParseErrorException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTStop -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTStop -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTStop -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTStop -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTStringLiteral -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTStringLiteral -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTStringLiteral -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ParseErrorException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTStringLiteral -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTStringLiteral -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.TemplateInitException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTStringLiteral -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTStringLiteral -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTStringLiteral -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParseException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTStringLiteral -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTStringLiteral -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTStringLiteral -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Token
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTStringLiteral -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTSubtractNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTSubtractNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTSubtractNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTSubtractNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTSubtractNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTSubtractNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.MathUtils
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTSubtractNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTSubtractNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTSubtractNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.TemplateNumber
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTText -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTText -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.TemplateInitException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTText -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTText -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTText -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Token
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTText -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.NodeUtils
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTText -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTTrue -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTTrue -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTTrue -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTTrue -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTVariable -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTVariable -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTVariable -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTWord -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTWord -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTWord -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTprocess -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTprocess -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTprocess -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.AbstractExecutor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.BooleanPropertyExecutor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeLogger
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.BooleanPropertyExecutor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.BooleanPropertyExecutor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.RuntimeLoggerLog
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.BooleanPropertyExecutor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.PropertyExecutor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.BooleanPropertyExecutor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Introspector
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.GetExecutor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeLogger
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.GetExecutor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.GetExecutor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.RuntimeLoggerLog
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.GetExecutor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.AbstractExecutor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.GetExecutor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Introspector
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.MapGetExecutor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.MapGetExecutor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.AbstractExecutor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.MapSetExecutor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.MapSetExecutor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SetExecutor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ParseErrorException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.TemplateInitException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Token
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.NodeUtils -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.Context
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.NodeUtils -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.NodeUtils -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Token
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.PropertyExecutor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeLogger
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.PropertyExecutor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.PropertyExecutor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.RuntimeLoggerLog
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.PropertyExecutor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.AbstractExecutor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.PropertyExecutor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Introspector
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.PutExecutor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.PutExecutor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SetExecutor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.PutExecutor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Introspector
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SetExecutor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SetPropertyExecutor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SetPropertyExecutor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SetExecutor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SetPropertyExecutor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Introspector
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ParseErrorException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.TemplateInitException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Parser
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Token
org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ContentResource -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ContentResource -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ContentResource -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ContentResource -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.Resource
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ContentResource -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.ResourceLoader
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.Resource -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ParseErrorException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.Resource -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.Resource -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.Resource -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.ResourceLoader
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceCache -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceCache -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.Resource
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceCacheImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceCacheImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceCacheImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.Resource
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceCacheImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceCache
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceFactory -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.Template
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceFactory -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ContentResource
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceFactory -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.Resource
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceManager -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ParseErrorException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceManager -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceManager -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceManager -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.Resource
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ParseErrorException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.Resource
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceCache
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceCacheImpl
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceFactory
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceManager
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.ResourceLoader
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.ResourceLoaderFactory
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.ClassUtils
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceManagerImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.StringUtils
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.ClasspathResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.ClasspathResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.ClasspathResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.Resource
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.ClasspathResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.ResourceLoader
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.ClasspathResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.ClassUtils
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.ClasspathResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.ExceptionUtils
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.DataSourceResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> javax.naming.InitialContext
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.DataSourceResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> javax.naming.NamingException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.DataSourceResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> javax.sql.DataSource
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.DataSourceResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.DataSourceResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.DataSourceResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.Resource
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.DataSourceResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.ResourceLoader
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.DataSourceResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.ExceptionUtils
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.DataSourceResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.StringUtils
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.FileResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.FileResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.io.UnicodeInputStream
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.FileResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.FileResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.Resource
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.FileResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.ResourceLoader
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.FileResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.StringUtils
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.JarHolder -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.JarHolder -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.JarHolder -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.JarResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.JarResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.JarResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.JarResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.Resource
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.JarResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.JarHolder
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.JarResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.ResourceLoader
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.JarResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.StringUtils
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.ResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.ResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.ResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.ResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.Resource
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.ResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.ResourceCacheImpl
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.ResourceLoaderFactory -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.ResourceLoaderFactory -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.ResourceLoaderFactory -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.ResourceLoader
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.ResourceLoaderFactory -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.ClassUtils
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.ResourceLoaderFactory -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.StringUtils
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.StringResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.StringResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.VelocityException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.StringResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.StringResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.Resource
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.StringResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.ResourceLoader
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.StringResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.util.StringResource
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.StringResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.util.StringResourceRepository
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.StringResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.util.StringResourceRepositoryImpl
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.URLResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.URLResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.URLResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.Resource
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.URLResourceLoader -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.loader.ResourceLoader
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.util.StringResourceRepository -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.util.StringResource
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.util.StringResourceRepositoryImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.util.StringResource
org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.util.StringResourceRepositoryImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.resource.util.StringResourceRepository
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.InternalContextAdapter
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTAddNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTAndNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTAssignment
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTBlock
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTComment
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTDirective
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTDivNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTEQNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTElseIfStatement
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTElseStatement
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTEscape
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTEscapedDirective
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTExpression
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTFalse
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTFloatingPointLiteral
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTGENode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTGTNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIdentifier
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIfStatement
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIntegerLiteral
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIntegerRange
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTLENode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTLTNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMap
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMethod
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTModNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMulNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTNENode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTNotNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTObjectArray
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTOrNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTReference
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTSetDirective
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTStop
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTStringLiteral
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTSubtractNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTText
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTTrue
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTWord
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTprocess
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.Token
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTAddNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTAndNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTAssignment
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTBlock
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTDirective
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTDivNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTEQNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTElseIfStatement
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTElseStatement
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTEscape
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTEscapedDirective
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTExpression
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTFalse
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTFloatingPointLiteral
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTGENode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTGTNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIdentifier
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIfStatement
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIntegerLiteral
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTIntegerRange
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTLENode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTLTNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMap
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMethod
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTModNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTMulNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTNENode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTNotNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTObjectArray
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTOrNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTReference
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTSetDirective
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTStop
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTStringLiteral
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTSubtractNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTText
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTTrue
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTWord
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTprocess
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.Node
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SimpleNode
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.NodeViewMode -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.VMReferenceMungeVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.ParserVisitor
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.VMReferenceMungeVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.ASTReference
org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.VMReferenceMungeVisitor -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.visitor.BaseVisitor
org.apache.velocity.servlet.VelocityServlet -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.Template
org.apache.velocity.servlet.VelocityServlet -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.VelocityContext
org.apache.velocity.servlet.VelocityServlet -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.Velocity
org.apache.velocity.servlet.VelocityServlet -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.Context
org.apache.velocity.servlet.VelocityServlet -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.servlet.VelocityServlet -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ParseErrorException
org.apache.velocity.servlet.VelocityServlet -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
org.apache.velocity.servlet.VelocityServlet -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.io.VelocityWriter
org.apache.velocity.servlet.VelocityServlet -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeSingleton
org.apache.velocity.servlet.VelocityServlet -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.SimplePool
org.apache.velocity.texen.Generator -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.Template
org.apache.velocity.texen.Generator -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.VelocityContext
org.apache.velocity.texen.Generator -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.VelocityEngine
org.apache.velocity.texen.Generator -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.Context
org.apache.velocity.texen.Generator -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.ClassUtils
org.apache.velocity.texen.ant.TexenTask -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.VelocityContext
org.apache.velocity.texen.ant.TexenTask -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.app.VelocityEngine
org.apache.velocity.texen.ant.TexenTask -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.Context
org.apache.velocity.texen.ant.TexenTask -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.MethodInvocationException
org.apache.velocity.texen.ant.TexenTask -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ParseErrorException
org.apache.velocity.texen.ant.TexenTask -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.exception.ResourceNotFoundException
org.apache.velocity.texen.ant.TexenTask -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.texen.Generator
org.apache.velocity.texen.ant.TexenTask -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.StringUtils
org.apache.velocity.texen.util.PropertiesUtil -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.texen.Generator
org.apache.velocity.util.ContextAware -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.context.Context
org.apache.velocity.util.RuntimeServicesAware -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.ClassMap -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.ClassMap -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.MethodMap
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Introspector -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeLogger
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Introspector -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Introspector -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.RuntimeLoggerLog
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Introspector -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.IntrospectorBase
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Introspector -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.MethodMap
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.IntrospectorBase -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.IntrospectorBase -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.ClassMap
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.IntrospectorBase -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.IntrospectorCache
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.IntrospectorBase -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.IntrospectorCacheImpl
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.IntrospectorBase -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.IntrospectorCacheListener
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.IntrospectorBase -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.MethodMap
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.IntrospectorCache -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.ClassMap
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.IntrospectorCache -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.IntrospectorCacheListener
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.IntrospectorCacheImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.IntrospectorCacheImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.ClassMap
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.IntrospectorCacheImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.IntrospectorCache
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.IntrospectorCacheImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.IntrospectorCacheListener
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.IntrospectorCacheListener -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.ClassMap
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.SecureIntrospectorImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.SecureIntrospectorImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Introspector
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.SecureIntrospectorImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.SecureIntrospectorControl
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.SecureUberspector -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeServices
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.SecureUberspector -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.SecureUberspector -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.RuntimeServicesAware
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.SecureUberspector -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Info
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.SecureUberspector -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Introspector
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.SecureUberspector -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.SecureIntrospectorControl
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.SecureUberspector -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.SecureIntrospectorImpl
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.SecureUberspector -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.UberspectImpl
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Uberspect -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Info
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Uberspect -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.VelMethod
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Uberspect -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.VelPropertyGet
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Uberspect -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.VelPropertySet
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.UberspectImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeLogger
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.UberspectImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.UberspectImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.RuntimeLoggerLog
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.UberspectImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.AbstractExecutor
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.UberspectImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.BooleanPropertyExecutor
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.UberspectImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.GetExecutor
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.UberspectImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.MapGetExecutor
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.UberspectImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.MapSetExecutor
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.UberspectImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.PropertyExecutor
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.UberspectImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.PutExecutor
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.UberspectImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SetExecutor
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.UberspectImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.parser.node.SetPropertyExecutor
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.UberspectImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.ArrayIterator
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.UberspectImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.EnumerationIterator
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.UberspectImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Info
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.UberspectImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Introspector
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.UberspectImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.Uberspect
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.UberspectImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.UberspectLoggable
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.UberspectImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.VelMethod
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.UberspectImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.VelPropertyGet
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.UberspectImpl -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.VelPropertySet
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.UberspectLoggable -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.RuntimeLogger
org.apache.velocity.util.introspection.UberspectLoggable -- USES [1] --> org.apache.velocity.runtime.log.Log
